Novo Nordisk Sales Guidance and Wegovy Pill in Focus — Market Talk

Novo Nordisk's sales guidance and momentum of its Wegovy weight-loss pill will be key focus points in theDanish pharma giant's first-quarter report, UBS analyst Matthew Weston writes. Wegovy pill prescription growth continues to impress and UBS expects the pill generated first-quarter sales of $235 million. There could be potential for an upgrade to group sales guidance at the results, the bank says. "A key assumption for Novo's guidance was expected limited sequential volume growth in Wegovy pen, which through 1Q has seen a strong pick up." However, uncertainty remains around the impact of Eli Lilly's rival obesity pill launch and the sustainability of oral Wegovy momentum throughout the year, the bank says. Gross margin development is also a key unknown, UBS adds. Shares rise 1.8%. (dominic.chopping@wsj.com)
https://www.tradingview.com/news/DJN_DN20260410002438:0/



Key facts: Novo Nordisk GLP‑1 share 33% post‑patent; semaglutide cuts mortality; Wegovy 30°C OK
Apr 10, 2026, 04:03 GMT+2
Novo Nordisk (NOVO_B): India GLP-1 share rose to 33% in March from 25% in February after March 20 patent expiry. Competitors sell low-cost semaglutide; Novo cut Ozempic/Wegovy prices up to 48%.
1
Novo Nordisk (NOVO_B): two-year study of 47,199 cardiovascular patients on semaglutide showed higher doses linked to greater weight loss, lower all-cause mortality and reduced MI and stroke risk.
2
EMA allows Wegovy pens to be stored/transported up to 30°C for 48 hours in EU. Change only affects injectable Wegovy labeling; no patient use change. Novo Nordisk shares fell ~1.4% premarket.
3
4
https://www.tradingview.com/news/tradingview:a22318c37f6f3:0-key-facts-novo-nordisk-glp-1-share-33-post-patent-semaglutide-cuts-mortality-wegovy-30-c-ok/



Health Rounds: Genetic variations linked to weight loss, side effects from GLP-1 drugs
Apr 9, 2026, 21:57 GMT+2
By Nancy Lapid

Hello Health Rounds readers! Today we feature a pair of studies that took a deeper dive into the effects of GLP-1 drugs being widely used for weight loss and diabetes. We also report on a fascinating Israeli study in mice that found gender development can be affected and even reversed by a minuscule DNA variation.

Genetic variants predict responses to GLP-1 drugs

Weight-loss responses to GLP-1 obesity drugs, and risks of side effects, may be linked to genetic variants, according to a study conducted by DNA-testing service 23AndMe.

The study of nearly 28,000 23AndMe users who reported taking the weight-loss drugs found that a mutation in GLP1R, the gene for the protein targeted by GLP-1 drugs, is modestly but significantly associated with increased efficacy of the medications, researchers reported in Nature.

People carrying one copy of that variant lost, on average, 1.7 pounds (0.76 kilograms) more over a median of eight months of treatment than people who had no copies. People carrying two copies of the variant lost some 3.3 pounds more.

Mutations in the GLP1R gene and in another gene – GIPR, which is related to insulin secretion and energy production – were associated with medication-related nausea or vomiting.

The GIPR side effect association was only seen in people using Eli Lilly's tirzepatide, however. People carrying that variant were 83% more likely than non-carriers to vomit after taking tirzepatide, sold as Mounjaro for diabetes and Zepbound for obesity.

The genetic effect on weight loss was relatively small, researchers acknowledged.

“These findings provide direct genetic evidence that variation in the drug-target genes contributes to inter-person variability in response and lay the foundation for precision medicine approaches in the treatment of obesity,” they said.

GLP-1 heart benefits may be distinct from obesity effects

The cardiovascular benefits derived from GLP-1 drugs may be more directly tied to dosage than to degree of weight loss, according to a study that suggests the effects of the medicine on the heart may be separate from the impact on obesity.

If that proves to be the case, doctors might someday optimize patients’ GLP-1 regimens for long-term cardiovascular benefits, not just for diabetes management and weight loss, researchers said in a report published online ahead of peer review.

Researchers studied 47,199 patients with cardiovascular disease who received Novo Nordisk's GLP-1 drug semaglutide, sold as Ozempic for diabetes and Wegovy for obesity, for up to two years.

They found, as expected, that higher doses were associated with greater weight loss.

Two years after stopping treatment, those who had received higher doses had lower risks of death from any cause. They also had lower risk of heart attack, stroke or cardiovascular-related death, clogged blood vessels in the brain, heart failure, and heart valve problems.

But those risks were not affected by how much weight people had lost, the researchers said.

When they analyzed tissues from the heart and other organs, they found the cell-surface proteins targeted by GLP-1 drugs were most numerous in the pancreas, which one would expect given the drugs’ benefit in diabetes.

The heart had the second-highest number, however.

“All the focus has been on the pancreas but... is it possible that this medicine is directly acting in the heart?” said study leader Venky Soundararajan of Cambridge, Massachusetts data analytics firm nference.

“It’s purely a hypothesis,” Soundararajan added. “But we can say at this point that heart benefits are not directly correlated to weight loss, and there is enough molecular data to warrant actual experiments in the heart to begin to understand what the drug does.”

Researchers trigger sex reversal with one DNA mutation

Insertion of one tiny mutation outside a gene caused mice to develop as males instead of females, researchers found.

Working with so-called XX mice embryos – bred to develop into females - they introduced the mutation into a section of DNA known as Enh13, which controls the activity of Sox9. The Sox9 gene is essential for testis development. For ovaries to develop normally, Sox9 must be kept turned off.

When the researchers introduced the mutation using CRISPR genome editing, the needed female repression failed. As a result, Sox9 was activated and testes developed, leading to complete internal and external male development, they reported in Nature Communications.

The outcome is especially striking, they said, because the mutation was not made in a gene itself, but in a part of DNA known as the non-coding genome - the 98% of DNA that does not make genes but helps regulate when and how they are turned on and off.

The fact that such a tiny change - just one DNA letter out of roughly 2.8 billion - was enough to produce a dramatic developmental outcome, "shows that non-coding DNA can have a profound effect on development and disease,” study leader Nitzan Gonen from Bar-Ilan University in Israel said in a statement.

The researchers say their study may have important implications for people with Differences of Sex Development, a group of conditions affecting about 1 in 4,000 births worldwide.

More than half of cases lack a genetic diagnosis even after sequencing the protein-coding parts of the genome, the researchers said.

“Our findings show that it is not enough to look only at genes,” study co-author Elisheva Abberbock, also of Bar-Ilan University, said in a statement.

“Important disease-causing mutations may also lie in the non-coding genome, in DNA regions that control gene activity,” Abberbock said.

https://www.tradingview.com/news/reuters.com,2026:newsml_L1N40S0YL:0-health-rounds-genetic-variations-linked-to-weight-loss-side-effects-from-glp-1-drugs/












Novo Nordisk: Delivery of Wegovy(R) Can Occur Within 48-Hours at Temperatures Up to 30degC
https://www.tradingview.com/news/DJN_DN20260409004384_20260409004521:0/




The $190 Billion 'Diabesity' Market Is Set to Explode. Lilly and Novo Face These Stock Catalysts. — Barrons.com

Apr 7, 2026, 23:47 GMT+2
By Mackenzie Tatananni

The recent fixation on weight-loss drugs, a catchall term referring to GLP-1 medications like Wegovy and Zepbound, has brought Eli Lilly and Novo Nordisk squarely into the limelight. But the race to conquer the "diabesity" market is just beginning.

GLP-1 adoption among the eligible obesity population reached 6% in the U.S. by the end of 2025. That's up from 3% at the start of the year, but relatively low compared with adoption among patients with Type 2 diabetes, which came in at around 26% last year.

The combined market for both indications — chronic weight management and diabetes — is projected to be enormous. Morgan Stanley forecasts a "diabesity" total addressable market in the neighborhood of $190 billion in 2035. That's up from earlier calls for $150 billion.

Remaining overhangs on branded GLP-1 uptake, namely injectable supply and pricing dynamics, "were largely resolved last year," analysts wrote in a lengthy research note on Tuesday.

The Food and Drug Administration declared an end to the shortage in 2025 and ordered compounding pharmacies to wind down production of drugs that were "essentially a copy" of FDA-approved products (though some telehealth providers like Hims & Hers Health found a way around the rule).

But there are other growth catalysts on the horizon, namely the expansion of Medicare access in the U.S. and the launch of oral GLP-1 therapies. Taken together, these factors "have the potential to meaningfully broaden adoption," analysts wrote.

Both Lilly and Novo struck agreements with the Trump administration last November to expand patient access to GLP-1 drugs, leading to what Morgan Stanley describes as an "opening of the U.S. Medicare obesity channel."

Medicare and Medicaid generally don't cover the medications for weight loss due to their cost. However, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services last month detailed a pilot program aiming, in part, to increase access to certain GLP-1 medications.

Under the model, CMS will negotiate drug pricing and coverage terms with manufacturers on behalf of state Medicaid agencies and Medicare Part D plans. Medicare Part D beneficiaries who meet certain requirements can participate in a so-called bridge to the model starting in July.

Already, the patient cost burden for GLP-1s appears to be easing. Roughly 60% of respondents to a recent Morgan Stanley survey reported full coverage, up from 53% last year, with average monthly out-of-pocket costs falling to $119 from $172 in 2025 and $196 the year prior.

The firm's analysis indicates GLP-1 insurance coverage for diabetes is expected to remain stable at around 70% in 2026, and increase modestly to 75% by 2027. Meanwhile, obesity coverage is set to expand rapidly, from 48% in 2025 to around 65% by 2027.

Questions remain around the uptake of new oral GLP-1 drugs, which are set to encompass around a quarter of the total GLP-1 market by 2030. Lilly's franchise should capture the lion's share of that amount, at 61%.

For the time being, patients have better awareness of Novo's oral Wegovy than Foundayo, survey responses indicate. However, analysts noted that Lilly's rival treatment only recently received regulatory clearance, as opposed to oral Wegovy, which has been on the market since January.

Moreover, Lilly's tirzepatide, the active ingredient in its Mounjaro and Zepbound injectables, "has a superior profile" to Novo's Ozempic and Wegovy, analysts asserted.

While claims of this nature are open to debate, tirzepatide generally has been shown to be more effective at promoting weight loss. This advantage likely stems from its dual-agonist mechanism, targeting both GIP and GLP-1 receptors, whereas semaglutide targets only the latter.

While Morgan Stanley is broadly constructive on the development of obesity medications, the haves and have-nots in the industry are beginning to emerge. Lilly, in the firm's view, is one of the clear winners, alongside smaller players Viking Therapeutics and Structure Therapeutics, which are at work developing their own weight-loss drug candidates.

The firm remains sidelined on Novo Nordisk, whose U.S.-listed shares have been beaten down considerably this year. Amgen and Pfizer, similarly, give analysts pause. Amgen is at work developing a once-monthly GLP-1 shot, while Pfizer has pivoted to acquiring other drugmakers to secure next-generation treatments.

Write to Mackenzie Tatananni at mackenzie.tatananni@barrons.com

This content was created by Barron's, which is operated by Dow Jones & Co. Barron's is published independently from Dow Jones Newswires and The Wall Street Journal.
https://www.tradingview.com/news/DJN_DN20260407007806:0/

















How to Play Lilly Stock Post Oral Obesity Pill Foundayo's Approva
Apr 6, 2026, 18:55 GMT+2
Eli Lilly and Company LLY, last week, gained the much-anticipated FDA approval for its once-daily oral GLP-1 pill orforglipron for treating obesity. The pill will be marketed under the name Foundayo. The company expects Foundayo shipments to begin this week, with the drug expected to soon become widely available across U.S. retail pharmacies and telehealth platforms. 

Foundayo’s approval was based on data from the phase III ATTAIN clinical program, which showed that the pill delivered an average of 12.4% weight loss at the highest dose.

Oral pills will be a more convenient alternative to the once-weekly injectable GLP-1 obesity treatments like Lilly’s Zepbound and rival Novo Nordisk NVO Wegovy. Oral pills may significantly lower treatment burden and potentially broaden patient adoption versus injections. They can also be manufactured at scale to meet global demand, which, in turn, can drive billions in additional sales.

NovoNordisk had gained approval for an oral version of its obesity drug, Wegovy, in December 2025 and launched the pill in January 2026. The Wegovy pill gave NVO a first-to-market advantage and will initially bring in additional revenues. However, we believe Lilly may be able to close the gap quickly now that the FDA has approved Foundayo. Also, Foundayo offers better patient convenience as it can be taken at any time of day, with or without food. In contrast, NVO’s Wegovy pill has to be taken on an empty stomach, followed by a waiting period of 30 minutes before eating. However, in terms of side effects, Wegovy has a slight edge as it seems to have a more stable safety and tolerability profile than Foundayo, whose use is associated with some gastrointestinal side effects.

Overall, Foundayo’s approval was a huge win for Lilly’s, as evidenced by the stock’s 6.5% rise last week. However, a single positive news is not so important for long-term investors to make an investment decision. Let’s understand the company’s strengths and weaknesses to better analyze how to play LLY’s stock in this scenario.

Strong Growth of LLY’s GLP-1 Drugs Mounjaro and Zepbound

Lilly boasts a robust portfolio of treatments for diabetes and other cardiometabolic conditions, with its cardiometabolic division emerging as the company’s strongest segment. This success is largely attributed to strong sales of Mounjaro and Zepbound. Despite being on the market for slightly more than three years, Mounjaro and Zepbound have become key top-line drivers for Lilly, with demand rising rapidly. These therapies account for more than 50% of the company’s total revenues.

Mounjaro is the market leader in new prescriptions within type II diabetes incretin analogs in both the United States and ex-U.S. markets, while Zepbound also holds a leading market share in the branded obesity market with nearly 70% share of new prescriptions.

In 2025, the drugs generated combined sales of $36.5 billion, comprising around 56% of the company’s total revenues. Robust growth trends in the U.S. incretin analogs market and positive uptake trends of Mounjaro and Zepbound in new international markets led to strong sales growth in 2025, with the trend expected to continue in 2026.

New Drugs Also Contributing to LLY’s Growth

In addition to Mounjaro and Zepbound, Lilly has secured approvals for several other new therapies over the past few years. These include Omvoh for treating ulcerative colitis and Crohn’s disease, BTK inhibitor Jaypirca for mantle cell lymphoma and chronic lymphocytic leukemia, Ebglyss for moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis and Kisunla (donanemab) for early symptomatic Alzheimer’s disease. These newly approved drugs are also contributing to Lilly’s revenue growth.

Lilly’s Broad Obesity Pipeline

Lilly is developing several next-generation, more powerful and more convenient GLP-1–based treatments, including oral options and multi-acting candidates.

Foundayo can prove to be a commercial game-changer for Lilly with the potential to bring in $1 billion-$2 billion in sales as early as in 2026. In international markets, Lilly expects to launch orforglipron for obesity during 2027. For the type II diabetes indication, Lilly has filed a regulatory application in the EU and plans to file regulatory applications in the United States and other countries later in 2026.

Lilly is also evaluating orforglipron in late-stage studies in other disease areas like obstructive sleep apnea, osteoarthritis pain of the knee, stress urinary incontinence and hypertension. These multiple late-stage studies on orforglipron can expand the candidate’s revenue potential beyond obesity/type II diabetes

The company is evaluating another key candidate, triple-acting incretin, retatrutide in type II diabetes and obesity, along with other indications like obstructive sleep apnea, knee osteoarthritis, and chronic low back pain, in late-stage studies. Retatrutide represents a new generation of “triple-action” therapy as it targets three biological pathways — GLP-1, GIP and glucagon — whereas existing medicines mostly act on one or two biological pathways.

Data from a phase III study on retatrutide in obesity and knee osteoarthritis pain showed that the drug delivered significant weight loss with substantial relief from osteoarthritis pain. Lilly expects data readouts from additional phase III studies on retatrutide for treating obesity in 2026. It plans to seek approval for retatrutide for obesity and knee osteoarthritis pain in 2026.

Efforts to Diversify Beyond Obesity & Diabetes

In the past couple of years, Lilly has upped its efforts to diversify beyond GLP-1 drugs by expanding into cardiovascular, oncology and neuroscience areas. In 2025, it announced several M&A deals. It acquired Verve Therapeutics to add gene therapies for heart disease to its pipeline. Lilly also acquired Scorpion Therapeutics’ oncology drug and SiteOne Therapeutics’ non-opioid pain candidate. The acquisition of Adverum Biotechnologies in December 2025 added its lead candidate, Ixo-vec, an intravitreal single-administration gene therapy being developed in phase III to treat vision loss associated with wet age-related macular degeneration.

In January 2026, Lilly announced a definitive agreement to buy Ventyx Biosciences to deepen its exposure in oral small-molecule therapies targeting inflammatory-mediated diseases. In February, it announced a deal to acquire private biotech Orna Therapeutics, which is making in vivo CAR-T therapies to treat a wide range of B-cell-driven autoimmune diseases. Last week, Lilly announced a deal to acquire Centessa Pharmaceuticals to expand its presence in sleep disorder therapies and the broader neuroscience space.

Race to Make Oral Obesity Pill Intensifies

The global obesity drug market is projected to grow dramatically, reaching nearly $95 billion by 2030 and potentially $125 billion by 2035, according to Goldman Sachs estimates. While Lilly and Novo Nordisk currently dominate this space, smaller biotechs like Structure Therapeutics GPCR and Viking Therapeutics VKTX are also developing oral GLP-1 drugs for treating obesity.

Viking Therapeutics’ dual GIPR/GLP-1 receptor agonist, VK2735, is being developed both as oral and subcutaneous formulations for the treatment of obesity. Viking plans to advance oral VK2735 into phase III development for obesity in the third quarter of 2026.

Structure Therapeutics’ phase II ACCESS study on its orally GLP-1 RA, aleniglipron, demonstrated significant weight loss across all doses. Structure Therapeutics expects to initiate the late-stage program of aleniglipron in obesity in the second half of 2026.

Novo Nordisk’s key novel candidate in its obesity pipeline is CagriSema, a once-weekly injection, which is a combination of cagrilintide (amylin analogue) and semaglutide (GLP-1). In phase III studies, this candidate has shown 22.7% weight loss. NVO has already filed a new drug application with the FDA seeking approval of CagriSema for obesity. Other key candidates are cagrilintide, a long-acting amylin analogue in phase III and amycretin, a single molecule combining GLP-1 + amylin, which is expected to enter phase III in 2026.

LLY’s Stock Price, Valuation and Estimates

Lilly’s stock has risen 10.9% in the past six months against the industry’s decrease of 0.3%.

LLY Stock Outperforms Industry

From a valuation standpoint, Lilly’s stock is expensive. Going by the price/earnings ratio, LLY’s shares currently trade at 25.85 forward earnings, much higher than 20.30 for the industry. However, LLY’s stock is trading below its 5-year mean of 34.57.

LLY Stock Valuation

The Zacks Consensus Estimate for 2026 has risen from $33.24 to $34.16 per share over the past 60 days, while that for 2027 has risen from $41.48 to $41.90 per share over the same timeframe.

LLY Estimate Movement

Stay Invested in LLY Stock

Lilly has its share of problems. Prices of most of Lilly’s products are declining in the United States. Price is expected to continue to be a drag on top-line growth in the low to mid-teens percentage in 2026. Rising competition in the GLP-1 diabetes/obesity market is a key headwind. Also, sales of late-life cycle products like Trulicity, Taltz and Verzenio are expected to be flat to down in 2026.

However, exceptional growth from Mounjaro and Zepbound has made Lilly the largest drugmaker. It delivered robust financial performance in 2025 with revenues surging 45% and EPS growing 86%. Expectations for continued growth in 2026 remain high with projected revenues of $80-$83 billion and EPS of $33.50-$35.00.

Despite its expensive valuation, Lilly is a great stock to have in one’s portfolio, given its significant price appreciation, its product and pipeline portfolio in high-growth therapeutic areas like obesity, robust growth prospects and bullish analyst sentiment. Consistently rising estimates also reflect analysts’ optimistic outlook for the stock. Investors should stay invested in this Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) stock. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here. 

Research Chief Names "Single Best Pick to Double"

From thousands of stocks, 5 Zacks experts each have chosen their favorite to skyrocket +100% or more in months to come. From those 5, Director of Research Sheraz Mian hand-picks one to have the most explosive upside of all.

This company targets millennial and Gen Z audiences, generating nearly $1 billion in revenue last quarter alone. A recent pullback makes now an ideal time to jump aboard. Of course, all our elite picks aren’t winners but this one could far surpass earlier Zacks’ Stocks Set to Double like Nano-X Imaging which shot up +129.6% in little more than 9 months.Free: See Our Top Stock And 4 Runners Up

Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report

Novo Nordisk A/S (NVO): Free Stock Analysis Report

Eli Lilly and Company (LLY): Free Stock Analysis Report

Viking Therapeutics, Inc. (VKTX): Free Stock Analysis Report

Structure Therapeutics Inc. Sponsored ADR (GPCR): Free Stock Analysis Report

This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).

Zacks Investment Research
https://www.tradingview.com/news/zacks:f6189adda094b:0-how-to-play-lilly-stock-post-oral-obesity-pill-foundayo-s-approval/












Key facts: Novo Nordisk GLP‑1 share 33% post‑patent; semaglutide cuts mortality; Wegovy 30°C OK

Apr 10, 2026, 04:03 GMT+2
Novo Nordisk (NOVO_B): India GLP-1 share rose to 33% in March from 25% in February after March 20 patent expiry. Competitors sell low-cost semaglutide; Novo cut Ozempic/Wegovy prices up to 48%.
1
Novo Nordisk (NOVO_B): two-year study of 47,199 cardiovascular patients on semaglutide showed higher doses linked to greater weight loss, lower all-cause mortality and reduced MI and stroke risk.
2
EMA allows Wegovy pens to be stored/transported up to 30°C for 48 hours in EU. Change only affects injectable Wegovy labeling; no patient use change. Novo Nordisk shares fell ~1.4% premarket.
3
4
https://www.tradingview.com/news/tradingview:a22318c37f6f3:0-key-facts-novo-nordisk-glp-1-share-33-post-patent-semaglutide-cuts-mortality-wegovy-30-c-ok/










Key facts: Novo Nordisk Wegovy -50% Ozempic -33% U.S.; Oral Wegovy Used
Apr 7, 2026, 04:03 GMT+2
Novo Nordisk to cut U.S. list prices next year: about 50% for Wegovy (obesity) and ~33% for Ozempic (diabetes/weight-loss), aiming to expand patient access amid rising demand.
1
Since U.S. approval, physicians have begun prescribing Novo Nordisk’s oral Wegovy (NOVO_B); some patients start directly on the oral GLP‑1 rather than switching from injectables.
2


https://www.tradingview.com/news/tradingview:c1210cc89c152:0-key-facts-novo-nordisk-wegovy-50-ozempic-33-u-s-oral-wegovy-used/







Novo Nordisk's $475-billion rise and fall as Wegovy-era gains wiped out
Feb 23, 2026, 17:55 GMT+1

Novo Nordisk 
NOVO_B
 shares slumped by more than 16% on Monday, wiping away the remaining gains brought by its blockbuster weight-loss drug Wegovy, after the drugmaker said its next-generation obesity drug CagriSema underperformed Eli Lilly's 
LLY
 rival.

Novo, which in 2024 was worth more than $650 billion, has since shed around $475 billion, with the shares back at levels last seen before Wegovy transformed it into Europe's most valuable drugmaker.

Novo's shares fell to their lowest level since June 2021, when Wegovy was first launched, driving a long sales and share price boom that even helped propel Denmark's wider economy.

Novo shares were among the biggest decliners in Europe's benchmark STOXX 600 index 
SXXP
. Meanwhile, shares of Eli Lilly rose about 4% in U.S. morning trade.

UPHILL BATTLE TO WIN BACK MARKET SHARE

J.P. Morgan analysts said the trial miss was a significant setback that could curb demand for CagriSema, temper long-term sales hopes and leave Novo struggling to win back share in the fast-growing obesity treatment market.

The setback adds to investor worries about intensifying competition in obesity treatments, where demand is increasingly driven by drugs offering the greatest weight-loss results.

Shares of Novo's Danish peer Zealand declined 7%, but analysts brushed off broader concerns about its own weight-loss drug, similarly targeting the amylin hormone.

https://www.tradingview.com/news/reuters.com,2026:newsml_L8N3ZJ1JK:0-novo-nordisk-s-475-billion-rise-and-fall-as-wegovy-era-gains-wiped-out/















Novo Nordisk Shares Jump After Hims & Hers Scraps Plan for Copycat Weight-Loss Pill — Update
Feb 9, 2026, 12:52 GMT+1

By Dominic Chopping

Shares in Wegovy and Ozempic maker Novo Nordisk rose after Hims & Hers said it would not offer a copycat version of the Danish drugmaker's weight-loss pill.

In afternoon European trade, shares were up 8.6% on Monday, continuing a volatile few days for the stock.

Meanwhile, Hims & Hers shares traded 16% lower in U.S. premarket trading.

Novo Nordisk last week said that sales and earnings would drop sharply this year as prices of its GLP-1 drugs come down following a recent deal with the U.S. government. The company also faces intense competition from rival drugs, imminent patent expirations and continued problems from compounding pharmacies in the U.S. that produce lower-cost versions of its blockbuster drugs.

That news saw its shares close 17% lower in Copenhagen on Wednesday.

However, investors have been encouraged by a strong launch of the company's new Wegovy weight-loss pill following its U.S. market introduction last month. The Wegovy tablet is the first of its kind and executives at the company hope that the pill will open the market further, boosting overall volumes to help offset the impact of lower prices.

Shares took another leg down Thursday, though, after telehealth provider Hims & Hers said it would introduce a copycat pill with the same active ingredient used in Wegovy for an initial $49 a month before rising to $99 a month. This undercut Novo Nordisk's Food and Drug Administration-approved Wegovy pill that sells at $149 a month for a standard dose for self-paying customers.

The Danish company threatened legal action, but the news sent its shares 7.9% lower Thursday in Copenhagen, before they rebounded 5.3% Friday after FDA Commissioner Marty Makary promised swift action to clamp down on illegal copy drugs.

Over the weekend, the Health and Human Services Department referred Hims to the Justice Department for investigation into potential violations of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act.

Hims has now scrapped its plan to offer the compounded weight-loss pill. "Since launching the compounded semaglutide pill on our platform, we've had constructive conversations with stakeholders across the industry. As a result, we have decided to stop offering access to this treatment," the company said over the weekend.

The developments could have wider implications, SEB analysts said. "Hims & Hers has teased the bear, which we believe could lead to increased scrutiny of the company's entire GLP-1 compounding business, not just the tablet."

Other players that compound GLP-1 might also be affected, SEB said.

"Overall, we see this as a positive for Novo."

Write to Dominic Chopping at dominic.chopping@wsj.com
https://www.tradingview.com/news/DJN_DN20260209003677:0-novo-nordisk-shares-jump-after-hims-hers-scraps-plan-for-copycat-weight-loss-pill-update/









NOVO_B: Record Wegovy pill launch drives patient growth, but 2026 outlook faces price-driven headwinds
Feb 5, 2026, 16:26 GMT
Sales and profit more than doubled over five years, with strong cash conversion and a record Wegovy pill launch. 2026 guidance reflects price-driven top-line decline, offset by disciplined cost management and continued volume growth, amid a dynamic and competitive obesity market.

Based on Novo Nordisk A/S Class B [NOVO_B] Q4 2025 London conference call Audio Transcript — Feb. 5 2026
https://www.tradingview.com/news/urn:summary_document_transcript:quartr.com:2754885:0-novo_b-record-wegovy-pill-launch-drives-patient-growth-but-2026-outlook-faces-price-driven-headwinds/















EMA Approves Novo Nordisk's Wegovy Injection For 48 Hours Controlled-Temperature Delivery
Apr 9, 2026, 15:11 GMT+2

Novo Nordisk A/S 
NOVO_B
:

WEGOVY® INJECTION BECOMES FIRST GLP-1 WEIGHT-LOSS TREATMENT APPROVED FOR 48-HOUR CONTROLLED-TEMPERATURE DELIVERY IN THE EU

EMA APPROVES WEGOVY INJECTION DELIVERY AT UP TO 30°C FOR 48 HOURS

WEGOVY BECOMES FIRST GLP-1 FOR WEIGHT MANAGEMENT IN EUROPE WITH DELIVERY FLEXIBILITY
https://www.tradingview.com/news/reuters.com,2026:newsml_TUA7THBQ8:0-ema-approves-novo-nordisk-s-wegovy-injection-for-48-hours-controlled-temperature-delivery/












Americans want weight-loss pills for cost and convenience
Apr 7, 2026, 18:45 GMT+2
Key points:
Doctors say pills appeal for convenience, lower cost, and needle-free use
Lilly's Foundayo and Novo's Wegovy pills to compete for market share
Weight-loss drugs remain unaffordable for many, despite lower pill prices
By Leah Douglas

Americans starting weight-loss medicines for the first time want lower cost and greater convenience as they consider pills from Novo Nordisk 
NOVO_B
 or Eli Lilly 
LLY
, according to seven doctors who specialize in obesity.

Novo's Wegovy pill has been on the market since January, while Lilly's just-approved Foundayo joins the fray this week.

Reuters interviews with the specialists show a promising landscape for oral weight-loss drugs as the companies compete for share in the fast-changing obesity treatment market seen topping $100 billion a year in the next decade.

Danish drugmaker Novo Nordisk launched injectable Wegovy in 2021. The pill, like injectable Wegovy and Ozempic for diabetes, has the active ingredient semaglutide.

In the three months since its approval, the oral version has appealed to patients for its lower cost and ease, the doctors said.

The pills don't need refrigeration, are more discreet and don't require the use of needles, said Dr. Christina Nguyen, an obesity and family medicine physician in Atlanta.

"One person said I'd rather stay fat than ever use a needle. That's a true fear," she said.

Lilly's Foundayo pill, with active ingredient orforglipron, will begin shipping on Monday.

PILLS VS INJECTIONS

All seven doctors said they had begun prescribing oral Wegovy, and three said they have prescribed the pill to about 10% of their patients.

Of those patients, most are taking a GLP-1 for the first time, rather than switching from injectables, and have not yet reached the highest dose, the doctors said.

"It is expanding access to people who are not sure that an injectable is something they would feel comfortable doing on themselves, might be leery of needles, and they're excited to have an option that is easier and more familiar to take," said Dr. Stefie Deeds, an internal and obesity medicine specialist in Seattle.

If patients are tolerating an injectable GLP-1, doctors are reluctant to switch them to pills unless requested.

"The patients we see who are taking medicines, whether it's Wegovy or (Lilly's) Zepbound, we're not telling them to switch to oral Wegovy if they're doing well," said Dr. Louis Aronne, director of the Comprehensive Weight Control Center at Weill Cornell Medical College. Aronne has consulted for Lilly and was an investigator on the orforglipron clinical trial, and is an advisory board member of both Lilly and Novo.

Zepbound, with the active ingredient tirzepatide, has been shown in trials to reduce weight by some 20% or more. That makes it the preferred option for treating patients with severe obesity, especially those with more complex cases, doctors said.

"For somebody who is in the lower end of the weight spectrum, people who are more likely to be seen by primary care physicians, they would be more likely to use the orals," Aronne said.

In trials, Foundayo led to an 11% reduction in body weight over 72 weeks and oral Wegovy led to about a 14% reduction over 64 weeks.

LILLY PILL EXPANDS OPTIONS

Several of the doctors said they were eager for Lilly's pill, chemically known as orforglipron, to be approved so they would have a more flexible option to present to patients.

Oral Wegovy must be taken on an empty stomach with just a sip of water 30 minutes before any other medications or food and drink. Lilly's Foundayo can be taken any time of day without food or water restrictions.

Nguyen said that if the Lilly pill is competitive on price with oral Wegovy, "most likely everyone will go with the orforglipron."

Novo spokesperson Liz Skrbova said that based on its survey results, most patients would not find the timing restrictions to be disruptive.

Semaglutide has also been found in trials to have other health benefits like reducing cardiovascular risks.

"I can’t guarantee that this totally different type of molecule is going to carry the same benefits," Dr. Michael Weintraub, an endocrinologist at NYU Langone Health, said of the new Lilly drug.

A Lilly spokesperson said the company is still studying Foundayo and that many participants in its clinical trial saw some reduction in markers of cardiovascular risk.

DRUGS STILL PRICEY

Patients consider many factors when picking a GLP-1, but by far the most significant is cost, the doctors said.

And there, pills have an advantage. The self-pay price for both oral Wegovy and Foundayo starts at $149 per month for the lowest dose, compared to $299 for Zepbound and $349 for Ozempic and injectable Wegovy.

Because of restrictions introduced on insurance coverage for GLP-1 medications, doctors said they spend significant time discussing with patients how to afford the drugs. When covered, out-of-pocket costs could be as little as $25 or $50 per month.

"I feel more like a financial planner these days than a physician," said Dr. Catherine Varney, an obesity medicine physician and associate professor at the University of Virginia School of Medicine who is also part of the Lilly speakers bureau and advisory board.

Varney and other doctors expressed concern that even with lower-cost pills, weight-loss drugs are still largely unaffordable.

"This still is a market for upper-middle-class and above," Varney said.
https://www.tradingview.com/news/reuters.com,2026:newsml_L6N40Q0YP:0-americans-want-weight-loss-pills-for-cost-and-convenience/







Novo Nordisk launches higher-dose Wegovy in the United States

Apr 7, 2026, 14:50 GMT+2
Novo Nordisk 
NOVO_B
 said on Tuesday that it has made a higher-dose version of its blockbuster weight-loss drug Wegovy available across the United States.

The 7.2-milligram dose, branded as Wegovy HD, gained approval under the FDA Commissioner's National Priority Review Voucher program last month.

Before the approval, the highest authorized dose of the injectable Wegovy for weight loss was 2.4 mg.

The company said the higher-dose Wegovy will be available through U.S. pharmacies, NovoCare Pharmacy and select telehealth providers.

Cash-paying adults prescribed Wegovy HD can expect to pay $399 per month, while commercially insured patients may pay as little as $25 per month using the Wegovy savings offer, Novo said.

Last month, Novo said it plans to launch a discounted subscription plan for U.S. Wegovy patients paying for the drug themselves, offering steep discounts to regain ground ceded to Eli Lilly 
LLY
 in the obesity-drug market.

https://www.tradingview.com/news/reuters.com,2026:newsml_L4N40Q0WL:0-novo-nordisk-launches-higher-dose-wegovy-in-the-united-states/









Novo Nordisk Says Wegovy Pill Shows Greater Weight Loss Vs Orforglipron In New Indirect Comparison
Apr 2, 2026, 14:00 GMT+2

Novo Nordisk A/S 
NOVO_B
:

NOVO NORDISK: WEGOVY PILL 25 MG SHOWED GREATER MEAN WEIGHT LOSS VERSUS. ORFORGLIPRON 36 MG IN POPULATION-ADJUSTED INDIRECT TREATMENT COMPARISON

NOVO NORDISK: POPULATION-ADJUSTED INDIRECT TREATMENT COMPARISON USES DATA FROM OASIS 4 & ATTAIN-1 CLINICAL TRIALS

NOVO NORDISK: IN SEPARATE PATIENT PREFERENCE STUDY, 84% FAVORED WEGOVY PILL 25MG-LIKE TREATMENT PROFILE VERSUS. ORFORGLIPRON-LIKE PROFILE

NOVO NORDISK: ORFORGLIPRON 36MG TREATMENT HAD ABOUT 14 TIMES HIGHER DISCONTINUATION ODDS DUE TO GASTROINTESTINAL ADVERSE EVENTS VERSUS WEGOVY PILL 25MG

https://www.tradingview.com/news/reuters.com,2026:newsml_P8N3S5045:0-novo-nordisk-says-wegovy-pill-shows-greater-weight-loss-vs-orforglipron-in-new-indirect-comparison/







US FDA clarifies policies on compounding of GLP-1 medicines  
Apr 1, 2026, 22:07 GMT+2
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration on Wednesday clarified its policies on compounded versions of popular GLP-1 drugs, signaling tighter limits on their production as national supply conditions improve.

The agency said compounders are permitted to produce copies of approved medicines only while those drugs are listed on the FDA's shortage database.

Once a product is no longer in shortage, pharmacies and outsourcing facilities must stop making versions that are "essentially copies" of commercially available treatments.

The FDA said this exemption is temporary and strictly tied to supply disruptions. As availability of GLP-1 therapies begins to stabilize, the agency said compounders should transition away from routine production of these drugs.

It also warned that any continued manufacturing outside these boundaries could prompt enforcement action.

GLP-1 drugs, widely used for diabetes and weight loss, saw demand surge in recent years, prompting temporary shortages that allowed compounders to step in under existing rules.

The FDA's clarification follows tensions between Novo Nordisk and telehealth firm Hims & Hers Health 
HIMS
.

Novo's launch of an oral version of Wegovy led to a legal dispute over the offer of compounded alternatives, before the two companies struck a deal.

Earlier in the day, the FDA approved Lilly's weight-loss pill, Foundayo, which the company will begin selling on April 6 through its LillyDirect program.

The regulator said compounded drugs do not undergo FDA approval and must meet specific conditions under federal law, including restrictions on bulk manufacturing and requirements that prescriptions be patient-specific in many cases.

https://www.tradingview.com/news/reuters.com,2026:newsml_L4N40K22Q:0-us-fda-clarifies-policies-on-compounding-of-glp-1-medicines/







Why 2026 Is Biotech's Comeback Year — Barrons.com
Apr 1, 2026, 22:07 GMT+2

By Nilesh Kumar

About the author: Nilesh Kumar is head of biotech private investments at Wellington Management.

As pharmaceutical companies raced to develop a Covid-19 vaccine in 2020, the biotech industry boomed. Investors eager to capitalize on the momentum poured money into biotech companies and sought opportunities to back new drugs, regardless of where they were on the path to clinical success and regulatory approval.

The sector has struggled to maintain the fervor in years since. Market sentiment is currently cautious at best. IPO activity and venture capital funding for biotechs, particularly those backing more exploratory new treatments, have dropped off meaningfully.

At the peak of the biotech boom in 2021, more than half of the 104 companies that went public in the U.S. were either preclinical or in Phase 1 trials — the earliest stages of testing for new medicines — and therefore the most speculative stage from an investment standpoint. By 2024, the number of new offerings had dwindled to 24. Last year, only 11 biotech companies joined the market. Just one was a company whose leading drug candidate was in early-stage trials.

VC biotech activity has experienced a similar drop off. Venture firms invested just shy of $50 billion across 2,413 biotech deals in 2021 in the U.S. That fell to $14 billion across 702 investments in the first half of 2025.

The biotech sector lost enthusiasm because of variety of factors, including the underperformance of many of the early-stage companies that went public over the past few years. Macro factors, including uncertain regulatory environment and drug pricing policies, have created headwinds — although it feels that the worst of those issues are in the past.

Some uncertainty around the Food and Drug Administration remains, but we believe scientifically rigorous and evidence based approaches will win this year; good drugs that address unmet medical needs won't sit on the shelves.

That is good news for the venture firms seeking liquidity and for a stock market looking for promising growth stories.

The biotech industry's mood has been lifted recently by the combination of a surge in mergers and acquisitions, driven by a need among Big Pharma to replenish pipelines to offset the impact of drug patents expiring, and hopes for scientific breakthroughs in important treatment areas.

Last year's standout deal was Pfizer's acquisition of Metsera for an upfront $7 billion with a potential additional $3 billion in milestone payments. The transaction was emblematic of one of the most significant medical trends of recent years: The widespread uptake of obesity drugs.

The launch in January of the first oral obesity drug by Novo Nordisk was the beginning of several new obesity treatments being developed and licensed, which bodes well for investors looking for exposure to blockbusters. Eli Lilly announced Wednesday that their oral obesity drug will enter the market soon. Eli Lilly, Amgen, and Novo Nordisk have said they plan to unveil late-stage clinical trial results for next-gen obesity treatments this year.

There is likely going to be more M&A activity in the obesity space as incumbents and challengers position for this large market segment. Novel obesity drugs that improve on the current standard of care in obesity are being developed by a number of biotechs and will be of interest to pharma acquirers.

Besides obesity, arguably the biggest unmet need in biotech today are therapies for dementia. Effective treatments, let alone a cure, for Alzheimer's disease and other neurodegenerative diseases have been extraordinarily difficult to develop — but that may change soon. Drug candidates aimed at treating Alzheimer's are due to present late-stage clinical trial results this year. The industry is hopeful that at least some of these candidates will show effectiveness in slowing or reversing cognitive decline.

A host of other potential new dementia treatments in development will follow these trailblazers, and these too may attract excitement among private and public market investors. The two go hand in glove. An active IPO market provides encouragement to venture capital players of the viability of that route as an exit possibility, as well as providing a guide as to which therapeutic areas are of most interest to the stock market.

While policy can always shift, the industry remains grounded in an evidence-based approach that supports long-term biotech investing. For investors burned by recent experiences of false hope and over-exuberance, this year is more likely to be one where expectations are reset.

Guest commentaries like this one are written by authors outside the Barron's newsroom. They reflect the perspective and opinions of the authors. Submit feedback and commentary pitches to ideas@barrons.com .

This content was created by Barron's, which is operated by Dow Jones & Co. Barron's is published independently from Dow Jones Newswires and The Wall Street Journal.

https://www.tradingview.com/news/DJN_DN20260401007797:0/









Weight-loss drug developers line up to tap lucrative market as competition heats up
Apr 1, 2026, 20:58 GMT+2

The weight-loss drug market is surging, with biotech firms racing to corner a share in a sector dominated by Novo Nordisk 
NOVO_B
 and Eli Lilly 
LLY
.

Analysts forecast the industry will generate about $150 billion in annual sales in the next decade.

Eli Lilly on Wednesday became the second company to secure approval for a weight-loss pill, as the multibillion-dollar market shifts toward more convenient oral therapies.

Novo Nordisk won a key first-mover advantage after U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved a pill version of its blockbuster obesity injection Wegovy in December.

The following is a list of weight-loss drugs in development by Novo, Lilly and other companies chasing the next blockbuster treatment:

NOVO NORDISK

The FDA approved the oral version of Novo Nordisk's injectable weight loss drug Wegovy in December.

The company is also developing several experimental weight-loss drugs, a next-generation injection called amycretin, and CagriSema, touted as a potent successor to Wegovy.

Amycretin, which targets GLP-1 and amylin hormones, showed statistically significant weight loss of up to 14.5% at 36 weeks in patients with type 2 diabetes in a mid-stage study.

CagriSema produced weaker-than-expected data in two separate late-stage trials. The drug helped overweight patients cut their weight by 22.7% in one of the trials, below Novo's expectations of 25%.

Novo filed a marketing application for potential U.S. approval of CagriSema in December.

Novo also has struck licensing deals for drugs in earlier stages of testing, including a deal worth up to $2 billion with China-based United Laboratories for its "triple-G" weight-loss drug candidate that targets three hormones.

PFIZER

Through a buyout last year, the company 
PFE
 gained access to Metsera's obesity drugs, such as MET-097i, a GLP-1 therapy designed for a once-monthly injection, compared with weekly treatments from Lilly and Novo.

The drug, now known as given PF-3944, led to up to 12.3% weight loss in patients without diabetes, with no plateau observed at week 28, when given as a monthly injection, Pfizer said in February.

Pfizer added that it is targeting 2028 for its first approval in the fast-growing weight-loss drug market.

The drugmaker plans to advance more than 20 clinical trials involving obesity treatments this year.

ELI LILLY

Lilly's orforglipron, branded as Foundayo, became the second oral pill for weight-loss to gain U.S. approval.

Orforglipron helped maintain weight loss in patients switching from its GLP-1 injection, Zepbound, and rival Novo Nordisk's Wegovy, Lilly said in December.

Lilly's next-generation obesity drug retatrutide showed a significant reduction in blood sugar levels and weight in a late-stage trial in March.

Last year, Lilly said it is advancing its experimental once-weekly amylin-based obesity drug, eloralintide, into late-stage trials after it helped patients lose up to 20.1% of their weight in a mid-stage study.

The company also signed a deal worth up to $1.3 billion with Superluminal Medicines last year to discover and develop small-molecule drugs through AI to treat obesity and other cardiometabolic diseases.

ROCHE

Roche's (ROG.S) experimental obesity drug, which works in a similar way to Lilly's Zepbound, produced as much as 22.5% weight loss in a mid-stage trial in January, underpinning the Swiss drugmaker's efforts to catch up with dominant rivals.

Roche's experimental obesity drug CT-388 - a once-weekly injection - was acquired through a $2.7 billion purchase of U.S. biotech firm Carmot Therapeutics in 2023.

Its other experimental obesity drug, which it is developing with Denmark's Zealand Pharma 
ZEAL
, helped patients lose up to 10.7% of their body weight in a mid-stage study in March.

AMGEN

Amgen 
AMGN
 is currently conducting six late-stage trials of experimental drug MariTide across obesity and related conditions such as heart disease and sleep apnea. It plans to begin late-stage of the drug for diabetes patients this year.

In January, an extension study of found that MariTide helped people maintain weight loss when given at a lower dose or less frequently.

In 2024, data showed MariTide helped overweight patients shed up to 20% of their body weight in a year-long mid-stage trial.

MERCK

In 2024, Merck 
MRK
 signed a licensing deal worth up to $2 billion for Chinese biotech Hansoh Pharma's 
3692
 experimental oral drug to treat obesity, becoming a late contender in the race to offer a weight-loss pill to replace weekly shots.

The drug, HS-10535, is a GLP-1 receptor agonist candidate similar to Wegovy and Zepbound.

VIKING THERAPEUTICS

The company 
VKTX
 in February said it plans to test its experimental oral obesity drug in a late-stage study later this year.

The company plans to advance a tablet form of its experimental weight-loss drug, VK2735, into late-stage studies in the third quarter of this year.

Last year, Viking Therapeutics 
VKTX
 said its oral weight-loss drug, VK2735, helped patients lose 12.2% of their body weight after 13 weeks in a mid-stage trial of 280 overweight adults, missing Wall Street's top-end expectations of 15%.

SCHOLAR ROCK

Last year, the company 
SRRK
 said its experimental drug, apitegromab, combined with Lilly's Zepbound, helped patients preserve significantly more lean mass in a mid-stage trial.

In Scholar Rock's study, patients who received a combination of tirzepatide - the active ingredient in Zepbound - and Scholar's apitegromab lost 3.4 pounds of lean mass after 24 weeks, compared with those on tirzepatide alone, who lost 7.6 pounds of lean mass.

ASTRAZENECA

AstraZeneca 
AZN
 in January said it will license experimental drugs for obesity and weight-related conditions from CSPC Pharmaceutical Group 
1093
 and collaborate on other projects, paying $1.2 billion upfront and up to $17.3 billion more if milestones are met.

The newly licensed drug candidates from CSPC include SYH2082, which is designed for once-monthly dosing, which can help patients stick to weight-loss therapy for longer.

The British-Swedish drugmaker has also licensed an experimental weight-loss pill from China's EccoGene.

STRUCTURE THERAPEUTICS

The company 
GPCR
 said its once-daily pill, aleniglipron helped patients lose up to 16.3% or 39 lbs on the 180 mg dose after 44 weeks, compared with a placebo, in a mid-stage trial.

In another study, patients receiving a lower dose experienced 16.2% weight loss at 56 weeks.

The company said the results support advancement to late-stage development, expected to initiate in the second half of 2026, following an FDA meeting in the second quarter.

https://www.tradingview.com/news/reuters.com,2026:newsml_L4N40K1QZ:0-weight-loss-drug-developers-line-up-to-tap-lucrative-market-as-competition-heats-up/






Novo Nordisk strikes deal for Hims to sell Wegovy and Ozempic, drops lawsuit
Mar 9, 2026, 14:08 GMT+1
Key points:
Hims to sell FDA-approved Wegovy and Ozempic at Novo's self-pay prices
FDA warned telehealth firms over misleading promotions of compounded drugs
Novo Nordisk withdraws lawsuit but reserves right to refile
By Stine Jacobsen and Maggie Fick

Novo Nordisk (NOVb.CO) said on Monday it will sell its blockbuster Wegovy and Ozempic drugs through the U.S. telehealth company Hims & Hers Health 
HIMS
 platform, ending a legal dispute that erupted last month.

The Danish drugmaker sued Hims in February over compounded versions of the Wegovy weight-loss pill that Hims launched and then pulled two days later, as well as compounded versions of Novo's injectable GLP-1s. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration had also planned legal action against Hims over the unauthorized drugs.

Shares of the telehealth company jumped more than 40% on Monday.

Novo has been grappling with telehealth firms selling cheaper compounded copycat versions of its obesity treatments, while Hims has been faced with the high cost of its personalized GLP-1 offerings, which it said is raising product costs.

Under the agreement, Hims will offer approved Ozempic and Wegovy injectables, as well as the Wegovy pill, to U.S. consumers on its platform at Novo's self-pay prices. Hims had a short-lived agreement with Novo in 2025 to sell branded Wegovy.

Hims will no longer advertise compounded GLP-1 drugs, though it will continue offering them when providers deem it clinically necessary. U.S. regulations allow companies to sell compounded versions of drugs in personalized doses not available in the branded forms, or with special ingredients.

"Glad to see HIMS will stop advertising unapproved compounded drugs and instead sell FDA-approved products through its new partnership with Novo Nordisk. Importantly, they will keep them affordable (no increase in price) and limit compounded GLP-1s for rare (FDA compliant) cases," FDA commissioner Marty Makary wrote in a post on X.

"I'd like to congratulate both parties on this deal following our recent action."

The FDA last month said it would take decisive steps against companies mass-marketing illegal copycat drugs, including Hims, spurring the company to reverse course on selling a copy of Novo's pill.

COMPETITION DRIVES PRICE CUTS

Novo Nordisk CEO Mike Doustdar said the Wegovy pill had generated more than 600,000 prescriptions since its launch two months ago, with telehealth partnerships accelerating uptake.

The Danish company faces stiff competition from U.S. rival Eli Lilly 
LLY
, which has become the weight-loss drug market leader. To boost sales, Novo cut prices for its weight-loss drugs from about $1,000 per month to $149 to $299 on its websites.

Doustdar said lower pricing was a key part of the partnership, adding that "authentic products are now very similarly priced as the compounded ones".

The deal followed a warning last week from U.S. regulators to 30 telehealth companies over misleading promotions of compounded GLP-1 drugs. The FDA said some firms falsely equated compounded products with approved medications.

Hims CEO Andrew Dudum said the partnership with Novo followed his company's decision to shift its U.S. weight-loss business away from compounded GLP-1 drugs and toward branded, FDA-approved treatments, reflecting what he said was rising demand for a wider range of lower-cost options.

"That's where we see growth in the business," Dudum said in an interview.

Dudum, during a call to discuss financial results, said most subscribers accessing GLP-1s were using branded options.

“While both parties lack trust, they remain bound by mutual necessity,” said Jailendra Singh, an analyst at Truist.

In light of the agreement, Novo Nordisk said it was withdrawing the patent infringement lawsuit "while reserving the right to refile".

Novo ended a similar agreement last year over concerns about compounded drug marketing and sales.

https://www.tradingview.com/news/reuters.com,2026:newsml_L1N3ZX0JZ:0-novo-nordisk-strikes-deal-for-hims-to-sell-wegovy-and-ozempic-drops-lawsuit/











Wegovy maker Novo sharpens consumer focus with board role for Mars CEO
Mar 26, 2026, 16:09 GMT+1Refinitiv2 min read


Key points:
Novo explores consumer behaviour to enhance obesity treatment strategies
Chairman Sorensen emphasises consumer insights from fast-moving goods sector
Company targets telehealth, retail partnerships and direct-to-consumer access
By Stine Jacobsen and Maggie Fick

Novo Nordisk 
NOVO_B
 has appointed Poul Weihrauch, CEO of U.S. candy giant Mars, as board observer as the Danish drugmaker seeks to strengthen its position in the highly competitive U.S. obesity market.

The maker of weight-loss drug Wegovy announced the appointment at Thursday's annual general meeting, where shareholders also elected pharmaceutical veterans Jan van de Winkel and Ramona Sequeira to the board, along with Helena Saxon, a board member at fashion retailer H&M 
HM_B
.

Novo Nordisk and its majority shareholder, the Novo Nordisk Foundation, carried out a leadership shake-up last year, replacing the CEO and restructuring the board. This included the consolidation of Lars Rebien Sorensen's leadership role through his appointment as board chairman in addition to his role of chairman of the foundation.

NOVO AIMS TO BOOST CONSUMER CREDENTIALS

Sorensen has promised to strengthen the board's pharmaceutical and commercial expertise after criticising the previous board for being slow to address U.S. market challenges.

Novo is trying to boost consumer credentials in the U.S. market in a number of ways under its new management. In January it launched its Wegovy pill across multiple cash-pay channels, rather than solely through traditional insurance routes.

The company is leaning into telehealth, retail partnerships and direct-to-consumer access, as well as cutting prices under pressure from the Trump administration and to win cash-pay patients. Novo and chief rival Eli Lilly and Co 
LLY
 have said the obesity market is becoming increasingly consumer-driven.

"We need to start to see our community more as customers than as patients," Sorensen told reporters after Thursday's meeting, adding that it was studying consumer behaviour to better understand what drives people to seek treatment, where they prefer to access it and when they are most likely to buy.

Sorensen said that Novo had looked at over-the-counter medicines for insight but added that companies in fast-moving consumer goods may provide a closer comparison because of their expertise in tracking purchasing habits and identifying unmet demand.

Those kinds of consumer insights could improve how Novo addresses the needs of overweight people and identify where GLP-1 drugs or other treatments might fit, Sorensen said.

Asked about the apparent contradictions in the appointment of a confectionery company executive by a manufacturer of obesity drugs, Sorensen said both types of companies are highly sophisticated in understanding customers and their needs.

NOVO MAY PURSUE "CONSUMER-ORIENTED" ACQUISITIONS

Asked about M&A priorities, Sorensen said Novo sees opportunities beyond weight loss in obesity-related conditions including cardiovascular, kidney and liver disease, as well as joint problems and inflammatory conditions like psoriasis.

Novo does not plan to pursue cancer despite the higher cancer risk linked to obesity, he said.

Novo may focus on treatments for obesity-related conditions that could be more "consumer-oriented" and suited to digital platforms that give Novo direct access to patients, Sorensen said, but declined to elaborate. "Let's talk about this in September," he said, referring to the company's capital markets day scheduled for September 21.

https://www.tradingview.com/news/reuters.com,2026:newsml_L8N40E1KE:0-wegovy-maker-novo-sharpens-consumer-focus-with-board-role-for-mars-ceo/



Norway's Oil Fund to Abstain From Voting for Re-Election of Novo Nordisk Chairman
Mar 23, 2026, 12:55 GMT+11 min read


By Dominic Chopping

Norway's $2 trillion sovereign-wealth fund won't support the re-election of Lars Rebien Sorensen as chairman of Novo Nordisk's board at the company's annual general meeting later this week.

Norges Bank Investment Management--the arm of Norway's central bank that manages the world's largest sovereign-wealth fund, commonly known as the oil fund--will abstain from the vote, citing "concern regarding effective boards or shareholder protection."

NBIM also abstained from the vote to appoint Sorensen to the position at an extraordinary general meeting in November.

The oil fund held a 1.6% stake in the Danish drugmaker at the end of last year, according to the most recent figures available.

NBIM votes according to a set of guidelines that it says seek to further the long-term economic performance of its investments and reduce financial risks associated with the governance of companies and their environmental and social practices.

The guidelines include stipulations for board independence to avoid conflicts of interest, a balance of competences and backgrounds, and accountability, among others.

Sorensen was appointed chairman late last year as part of sweeping board changes that were pushed by the company's controlling shareholder to revive the company's success in the weight-loss market.

The Novo Nordisk Foundation--the nonprofit organization that owns voting control of the drugmaker--wanted extensive leadership change as the drugmaker lost its lead in the obesity market, causing steep stock-price declines.

Under those changes, Sorensen, the chairman of the Novo Nordisk Foundation, was appointed to also serve as the Novo Nordisk chairman under a plan that will see him serve in the role for two to three years to support management during the company's restructuring and in regaining growth momentum.

"We appreciate the role that all shareholders and other stakeholders play in the company's governance, and we look forward to engaging with them at the Annual General Meeting this week," a spokesperson for Novo Nordisk said Monday.

Norges Bank Investment Management declined to comment.

Write to Dominic Chopping at dominic.chopping@wsj.com

https://www.tradingview.com/news/DJN_DN20260323002897:0/


Novo Nordisk's Obesity Pill Prescriptions Key For Shares as Eli Lilly Launches Rival — Market Talk
Apr 2, 2026, 10:21 GMT+2Less than 1 min read


Novo Nordisk's share-price performance from here will be determined by the trajectory of its Wegovy weight-loss pill prescriptions following Eli Lilly's launch of a rival pill, Citi analysts write. Wegovy pill prescriptions have been strong, but Eli Lilly has filed for approval of its new pill in 40 countries versus Novo Nordisk's more selective approach. This suggests Lilly's Foundayo pill may launch ahead of the Wegovy pill in many global markets, Citi says. "We expect Novo to focus defense on Wegovy pill's better weight loss [profile versus Foundayo]." Foundayo has some drug interaction limitations that the Wegovy pill doesn't, but Foundayo lacks Wegovy pill's requirement that patients don't eat or drink for 30 minutes after taking it. Pricing of the two pills is the same. (dominic.chopping@wsj.com)

https://www.tradingview.com/news/DJN_DN20260402001652:0/





Ozempic maker Novo Nordisk gets another downgrade. The end's in sight for its duopoly status, says TD Cowen.


Mar 10, 2026, 10:48 GMT+1Less than 1 min read



NOVO_B
+2.23%
By Steve Goldstein

TD Cowen downgraded Novo Nordisk to hold.

Novo Nordisk on Tuesday received a broker downgrade, with the analysts arguing that its status in a duopoly in both diabetes and weight loss are under threat.

TD Cowen analysts lowered its rating on the stock to hold from buy and modestly lowered its price target on the American depository receipts to $42 from $45.

Novo Nordisk (NVO) (DK:NOVO.B), which rallied on Monday after reaching a distribution deal with Hims & Hers Health, was steady in premarket trade at $39.78.

Analysts led by Michael Nedelcovych say the company that can be credited with unlocking the obesity market's potential faces enormous challenges, both from competition as well as the looming patent expiration of semaglutide, the key ingredient of the popular drugs Wegovy and Ozempic.

He said that, this year, CagriSema trials failed or underwhelmed, while Ozempic prescriptions keep lagging even as take-up of the Wegovy pill have impressed.

The analysts raised questions about how much the Wegovy pill will take away from the injectable Wegovy version, whether Eli Lilly's orforglipron will overtake its rival as well as the reimbursement, average price and staying time on the drug.

While Novo Nordisk's pipeline is strong, it's no longer sufficient to create visibility on the post-semaglutide trajectory, the analysts added.

-Steve Goldstein

This content was created by MarketWatch, which is operated by Dow Jones & Co. MarketWatch is published independently from Dow Jones Newswires and The Wall Street Journal.

https://www.tradingview.com/news/DJN_SN20260310003908:0/


All numbers in thousands
Annual
Quarterly

Collapse All
BreakdownTTM12/31/202512/31/202412/31/202312/31/2022

Total Revenue
309,064,000
309,064,000
290,403,000
232,261,000
176,954,000
Operating Revenue
729,423,000
729,423,000
680,563,000
608,645,000
455,692,000
Cost of Revenue
58,788,000
58,788,000
44,522,000
35,765,000
28,448,000
Gross Profit
250,276,000
250,276,000
245,881,000
196,496,000
148,506,000

Operating Expense
122,618,000
122,618,000
117,542,000
93,922,000
73,697,000

Selling General and Administrative
70,279,000
70,279,000
67,377,000
61,598,000
50,684,000

General & Administrative Expense
5,969,000
5,969,000
5,276,000
4,855,000
4,467,000
Other G and A
5,969,000
5,969,000
5,276,000
4,855,000
4,467,000
Selling & Marketing Expense
64,310,000
64,310,000
62,101,000
56,743,000
46,217,000
Research & Development
52,039,000
52,039,000
48,062,000
32,443,000
24,047,000
Other Operating Expenses
300,000
300,000
2,103,000
-119,000
-1,034,000
Operating Income
127,658,000
127,658,000
128,339,000
102,574,000
74,809,000

Net Non Operating Interest Income Expense
-3,179,000
-3,179,000
-91,000
330,000
-320,000
Interest Income Non Operating
1,269,000
1,269,000
1,838,000
1,069,000
239,000
Interest Expense Non Operating
4,207,000
4,207,000
1,640,000
542,000
378,000
Total Other Finance Cost
241,000
241,000
289,000
197,000
181,000

Other Income Expense
6,061,000
6,061,000
-1,057,000
1,770,000
-5,427,000
Gain on Sale of Security
6,078,000
6,078,000
-1,040,000
1,689,000
-5,238,000
Earnings from Equity Interest
-17,000
-17,000
-17,000
81,000
-189,000
Pretax Income
130,540,000
130,540,000
127,191,000
104,674,000
69,062,000
Tax Provision
28,106,000
28,106,000
26,203,000
20,991,000
13,537,000

Net Income Common Stockholders
102,434,000
102,434,000
100,988,000
83,683,000
55,525,000

Net Income
102,434,000
102,434,000
100,988,000
83,683,000
55,525,000

Net Income Including Non-Controlling Interests
102,434,000
102,434,000
100,988,000
83,683,000
55,525,000
Net Income Continuous Operations
102,434,000
102,434,000
100,988,000
83,683,000
55,525,000
Diluted NI Available to Com Stockholders
102,434,000
102,434,000
100,988,000
83,683,000
55,525,000
Basic EPS
23.06
23.06
22.67
18.67
12.26
Diluted EPS
23.03
23.03
22.63
18.62
12.22
Basic Average Shares
4,443,000
4,442,064.18
4,453,900
4,482,800
4,530,600
Diluted Average Shares
4,447,700
4,447,850.63
4,463,000
4,494,800
4,544,600
Total Operating Income as Reported
127,658,000
127,658,000
128,339,000
102,574,000
74,809,000
Total Expenses
181,406,000
181,406,000
162,064,000
129,687,000
102,145,000
Net Income from Continuing & Discontinued Operation
102,434,000
102,434,000
100,988,000
83,683,000
55,525,000
Normalized Income
97,664,627.76
97,664,627.76
101,813,746.48
82,333,489
59,736,352
Interest Income
1,269,000
1,269,000
1,838,000
1,069,000
239,000
Interest Expense
4,207,000
4,207,000
1,640,000
542,000
378,000
Net Interest Income
-3,179,000
-3,179,000
-91,000
330,000
-320,000
EBIT
134,747,000
134,747,000
128,831,000
105,216,000
69,440,000
EBITDA
156,729,000
156,729,000
147,938,000
114,629,000
76,802,000
Reconciled Cost of Revenue
58,788,000
58,788,000
44,522,000
35,765,000
28,448,000
Reconciled Depreciation
21,982,000
21,982,000
19,107,000
9,413,000
7,362,000
Net Income from Continuing Operation Net Minority Interest
102,434,000
102,434,000
100,988,000
83,683,000
55,525,000
Total Unusual Items Excluding Goodwill
6,078,000
6,078,000
-1,040,000
1,689,000
-5,238,000
Total Unusual Items
6,078,000
6,078,000
-1,040,000
1,689,000
-5,238,000
Normalized EBITDA
150,651,000
150,651,000
148,978,000
112,940,000
82,040,000
Tax Rate for Calcs
0
0
0
0
0
Tax Effect of Unusual Items
1,308,627.76
1,308,627.76
-214,253.52
339,489
-1,026,648
https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/NOVO-B.CO/financials/










BreakdownTTM12/31/20259/30/20256/30/20253/31/202512/31/2024
Currency in DKK
Total Revenue
309,064,000
79,144,000
74,976,000
76,857,000
78,087,000
85,683,000
Operating Revenue
729,423,000
79,144,000
74,976,000
76,857,000
78,087,000
85,683,000
Cost of Revenue
58,788,000
15,148,000
17,904,000
12,846,000
12,890,000
13,024,000
Gross Profit
250,276,000
63,996,000
57,072,000
64,011,000
65,197,000
72,659,000

Operating Expense
122,618,000
32,260,000
33,390,000
30,562,000
26,406,000
35,922,000

Selling General and Administrative
70,279,000
17,438,000
17,880,000
18,849,000
16,112,000
20,281,000

General & Administrative Expense
5,969,000
1,549,000
1,884,000
1,316,000
1,220,000
1,580,000
Other G and A
5,969,000
1,549,000
1,884,000
1,316,000
1,220,000
1,580,000
Selling & Marketing Expense
64,310,000
15,889,000
15,996,000
17,533,000
14,892,000
18,701,000
Research & Development
52,039,000
14,648,000
15,393,000
11,690,000
10,308,000
13,802,000
Other Operating Expenses
300,000
174,000
117,000
23,000
-14,000
1,839,000
Operating Income
127,658,000
31,736,000
23,682,000
33,449,000
38,791,000
36,737,000

Net Non Operating Interest Income Expense
-3,179,000
2,449,000
1,835,000
356,000
-1,758,000
-1,180,000
Interest Income Non Operating
1,269,000
2,449,000
1,835,000
5,314,000
3,425,000
3,913,000
Interest Expense Non Operating
4,207,000
-4,406,000
--
4,958,000
5,183,000
5,093,000
Total Other Finance Cost
241,000
--
--
--
--
--

Other Income Expense
6,061,000
--
--
--
--
--
Gain on Sale of Security
6,078,000
--
--
--
--
--
Earnings from Equity Interest
-17,000
--
--
--
--
--
Pretax Income
130,540,000
34,185,000
25,517,000
33,805,000
37,033,000
35,557,000
Tax Provision
28,106,000
7,294,000
5,511,000
7,302,000
7,999,000
7,327,000

Net Income Common Stockholders
102,434,000
26,891,000
20,006,000
26,503,000
29,034,000
28,230,000

Net Income
102,434,000
26,891,000
20,006,000
26,503,000
29,034,000
28,230,000

Net Income Including Non-Controlling Interests
102,434,000
26,891,000
20,006,000
26,503,000
29,034,000
28,230,000
Net Income Continuous Operations
102,434,000
26,891,000
20,006,000
26,503,000
29,034,000
28,230,000
Diluted NI Available to Com Stockholders
102,434,000
26,891,000
20,006,000
26,503,000
29,034,000
28,230,000
Basic EPS
23.06
6.06
--
5.96
6.54
6.34
Diluted EPS
23.03
6.04
--
5.96
6.53
6.34
Basic Average Shares
4,443,000
4,443,600
--
4,446,812.08
4,439,500
4,446,200
Diluted Average Shares
4,447,700
4,449,400
--
4,446,812.08
4,446,400
4,455,500
Total Operating Income as Reported
127,658,000
31,736,000
23,682,000
33,449,000
38,791,000
36,737,000
Total Expenses
181,406,000
47,408,000
51,294,000
43,408,000
39,296,000
48,946,000
Net Income from Continuing & Discontinued Operation
102,434,000
26,891,000
20,006,000
26,503,000
29,034,000
28,230,000
Normalized Income
97,664,627.76
26,891,000
20,006,000
26,503,000
29,034,000
28,230,000
Interest Income
1,269,000
2,449,000
1,835,000
5,314,000
3,425,000
3,913,000
Interest Expense
4,207,000
-4,406,000
--
4,958,000
5,183,000
5,093,000
Net Interest Income
-3,179,000
2,449,000
1,835,000
356,000
-1,758,000
-1,180,000
EBIT
134,747,000
31,736,000
23,682,000
38,763,000
42,216,000
40,650,000
EBITDA
156,729,000
37,298,000
31,439,000
43,596,000
46,046,000
45,848,000
Reconciled Cost of Revenue
58,788,000
15,148,000
17,904,000
12,846,000
12,890,000
13,024,000
Reconciled Depreciation
21,982,000
5,562,000
7,757,000
4,833,000
3,830,000
5,198,000
Net Income from Continuing Operation Net Minority Interest
102,434,000
26,891,000
20,006,000
26,503,000
29,034,000
28,230,000
Total Unusual Items Excluding Goodwill
6,078,000
--
--
--
--
--
Total Unusual Items
6,078,000
--
--
--
--
--
Normalized EBITDA
150,651,000
37,298,000
31,439,000
43,596,000
46,046,000
45,848,000
Tax Rate for Calcs
0
0
0
0
0
0
Tax Effect of Unusual Items
1,308,627.76
0
0
0
0
0
https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/NOVO-B.CO/financials/







Breakdown12/31/20259/30/20256/30/20253/31/202512/31/2024

Total Assets
542,902,000
512,288,000
482,153,000
489,162,000
465,630,000

Current Assets
172,453,000
181,883,000
162,705,000
174,395,000
161,788,000

Cash, Cash Equivalents & Short Term Investments
26,962,000
32,583,000
18,934,000
41,550,000
26,308,000

Cash And Cash Equivalents
26,464,000
32,084,000
18,435,000
38,938,000
15,655,000
Cash
26,464,000
32,084,000
18,435,000
38,938,000
15,655,000
Other Short Term Investments
498,000
499,000
499,000
2,612,000
10,653,000

Receivables
89,186,000
92,373,000
85,843,000
86,366,000
88,305,000

Accounts receivable
70,856,000
75,421,000
69,575,000
69,459,000
71,949,000
Gross Accounts Receivable
72,843,000
--
--
--
74,076,000
Allowance For Doubtful Accounts Receivable
-1,987,000
--
--
--
-2,127,000
Taxes Receivable
4,848,000
4,576,000
2,995,000
2,983,000
2,853,000
Other Receivables
13,482,000
12,376,000
13,273,000
13,924,000
13,503,000

Inventory
49,623,000
47,504,000
45,652,000
42,853,000
40,849,000
Raw Materials
17,436,000
--
--
--
13,369,000
Work in Process
25,858,000
--
--
--
22,335,000
Finished Goods
11,990,000
--
--
--
8,873,000
Inventories Adjustments Allowances
-5,661,000
--
--
--
-3,728,000
Hedging Assets Current
6,682,000
9,423,000
12,276,000
3,626,000
6,326,000

Total non-current assets
370,449,000
330,405,000
319,448,000
314,767,000
303,842,000

Net PPE
208,378,000
193,244,000
180,758,000
172,376,000
161,680,000

Gross PPE
267,314,000
--
--
--
214,076,000
Properties
65,559,000
--
--
--
61,374,000
Machinery Furniture Equipment
60,020,000
--
--
--
57,039,000
Other Properties
11,113,000
--
--
--
10,166,000
Construction in Progress
130,622,000
--
--
--
85,497,000
Accumulated Depreciation
-58,936,000
--
--
--
-52,396,000

Goodwill And Other Intangible Assets
130,053,000
106,587,000
107,866,000
109,379,000
110,821,000
Goodwill
19,845,000
--
--
--
20,017,000
Other Intangible Assets
110,208,000
106,587,000
107,866,000
109,379,000
90,804,000

Investments And Advances
2,507,000
2,725,000
2,638,000
2,700,000
2,677,000

Long Term Equity Investment
366,000
390,000
390,000
394,000
400,000
Investments in Associatesat Cost
366,000
390,000
390,000
394,000
400,000

Investment in Financial Assets
2,141,000
2,335,000
2,248,000
2,306,000
2,277,000
Available for Sale Securities
2,141,000
2,335,000
2,248,000
2,306,000
2,277,000
Non Current Accounts Receivable
5,864,000
5,077,000
4,439,000
4,037,000
4,016,000

Non Current Deferred Assets
23,647,000
22,772,000
23,747,000
26,275,000
24,648,000
Non Current Deferred Taxes Assets
23,647,000
22,772,000
23,747,000
26,275,000
24,648,000
Currency in DKK
Total Liabilities Net Minority Interest
348,855,000
342,392,000
314,087,000
350,622,000
322,144,000

Current Liabilities
215,661,000
234,358,000
207,522,000
236,117,000
217,614,000

Payables And Accrued Expenses
161,523,000
46,239,000
45,133,000
35,077,000
161,309,000

Payables
161,523,000
46,239,000
45,133,000
35,077,000
161,309,000
Accounts Payable
153,107,000
23,904,000
28,206,000
19,576,000
151,593,000
Total Tax Payable
8,416,000
22,335,000
16,927,000
15,501,000
9,716,000
Current Provisions
374,000
131,489,000
112,127,000
117,650,000
289,000

Current Debt And Capital Lease Obligation
12,017,000
12,034,000
11,963,000
22,413,000
13,113,000

Current Debt
10,681,000
12,034,000
11,963,000
22,413,000
11,775,000
Commercial Paper
745,000
--
--
--
5,343,000
Line of Credit
183,000
--
--
--
449,000
Other Current Borrowings
9,753,000
12,034,000
11,963,000
22,413,000
5,983,000
Current Capital Lease Obligation
1,336,000
--
--
--
1,338,000
Other Current Liabilities
41,747,000
44,596,000
38,299,000
60,977,000
42,903,000

Total Non Current Liabilities Net Minority Interest
133,194,000
108,034,000
106,565,000
114,505,000
104,530,000
Long Term Provisions
5,730,000
8,816,000
8,637,000
8,633,000
6,982,000

Long Term Debt And Capital Lease Obligation
118,941,000
89,180,000
87,305,000
96,310,000
89,674,000
Long Term Debt
111,705,000
89,180,000
87,305,000
96,310,000
84,246,000
Long Term Capital Lease Obligation
7,236,000
--
--
--
5,428,000

Non Current Deferred Liabilities
6,611,000
9,268,000
9,796,000
8,705,000
5,515,000
Non Current Deferred Taxes Liabilities
6,611,000
9,268,000
9,796,000
8,705,000
5,515,000
Tradeand Other Payables Non Current
1,051,000
19,000
17,000
21,000
1,456,000

Employee Benefits
861,000
751,000
810,000
836,000
903,000
Non Current Pension And Other Post-Retirement Benefit Plans
861,000
751,000
810,000
836,000
903,000
Other Non Current Liabilities
--
19,000
17,000
21,000
23,000

Total Equity Gross Minority Interest
194,047,000
169,896,000
168,066,000
138,540,000
143,486,000

Stockholders' Equity
194,047,000
169,896,000
168,066,000
138,540,000
143,486,000

Capital Stock
446,000
446,000
446,000
446,000
446,000
Common Stock
446,000
446,000
446,000
446,000
446,000
Retained Earnings
195,298,000
168,529,000
164,453,000
137,319,000
144,448,000
Treasury Stock
2,000
2,000
2,000
2,000
2,000

Gains Losses Not Affecting Retained Earnings
-1,695,000
923,000
3,169,000
777,000
-1,406,000
Other Equity Adjustments
-1,695,000
923,000
3,169,000
777,000
-1,406,000
Total Capitalization
305,752,000
259,076,000
255,371,000
234,850,000
227,732,000
Common Stock Equity
194,047,000
169,896,000
168,066,000
138,540,000
143,486,000
Capital Lease Obligations
8,572,000
--
--
--
6,766,000
Net Tangible Assets
63,994,000
63,309,000
60,200,000
29,161,000
32,665,000
Working Capital
-43,208,000
-52,475,000
-44,817,000
-61,722,000
-55,826,000
Invested Capital
316,433,000
271,110,000
267,334,000
257,263,000
239,507,000
Tangible Book Value
63,994,000
63,309,000
60,200,000
29,161,000
32,665,000
Total Debt
130,958,000
101,214,000
99,268,000
118,723,000
102,787,000
Net Debt
95,922,000
69,130,000
80,833,000
79,785,000
80,366,000
Share Issued
4,465,000
4,441,340.47
4,441,340.47
4,441,340.47
4,465,000
Ordinary Shares Number
4,443,479.34
4,441,340.47
4,441,340.47
4,441,340.47
4,441,340.47
Treasury Shares Number
21,520.66
--
--
--
23,659.53
https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/NOVO-B.CO/balance-sheet/
Currency in DKK

Breakdown12/31/202512/31/202412/31/202312/31/2022

Total Assets
542,902,000
465,630,000
314,486,000
241,257,000

Current Assets
172,453,000
161,788,000
139,646,000
108,194,000

Cash, Cash Equivalents & Short Term Investments
26,962,000
26,308,000
30,230,000
23,574,000

Cash And Cash Equivalents
26,464,000
15,655,000
14,392,000
12,653,000
Cash
26,464,000
15,655,000
14,392,000
12,653,000
Other Short Term Investments
498,000
10,653,000
15,838,000
10,921,000

Receivables
89,186,000
88,305,000
75,261,000
57,505,000

Accounts receivable
70,856,000
71,949,000
64,770,000
50,560,000
Gross Accounts Receivable
72,843,000
74,076,000
66,564,000
52,080,000
Allowance For Doubtful Accounts Receivable
-1,987,000
-2,127,000
-1,794,000
-1,520,000
Taxes Receivable
4,848,000
2,853,000
2,423,000
940,000
Other Receivables
13,482,000
13,503,000
8,068,000
6,005,000

Inventory
49,623,000
40,849,000
31,811,000
24,388,000
Raw Materials
17,436,000
13,369,000
9,500,000
6,392,000
Work in Process
25,858,000
22,335,000
17,601,000
13,673,000
Finished Goods
11,990,000
8,873,000
7,224,000
6,038,000
Inventories Adjustments Allowances
-5,661,000
-3,728,000
-2,514,000
-1,715,000
Hedging Assets Current
6,682,000
6,326,000
2,344,000
2,727,000

Total non-current assets
370,449,000
303,842,000
174,840,000
133,063,000

Net PPE
208,378,000
161,680,000
90,961,000
66,671,000

Gross PPE
267,314,000
214,076,000
138,583,000
111,426,000
Properties
65,559,000
61,374,000
48,990,000
43,403,000
Machinery Furniture Equipment
60,020,000
57,039,000
40,951,000
37,548,000
Other Properties
11,113,000
10,166,000
8,979,000
8,114,000
Construction in Progress
130,622,000
85,497,000
39,663,000
22,361,000
Accumulated Depreciation
-58,936,000
-52,396,000
-47,622,000
-44,755,000

Goodwill And Other Intangible Assets
130,053,000
110,821,000
60,406,000
50,939,000
Goodwill
19,845,000
20,017,000
4,464,000
4,615,000
Other Intangible Assets
110,208,000
90,804,000
55,942,000
46,324,000

Investments And Advances
2,507,000
2,677,000
1,663,000
1,343,000

Long Term Equity Investment
366,000
400,000
410,000
327,000
Investments in Associatesat Cost
366,000
400,000
410,000
327,000

Investment in Financial Assets
2,141,000
2,277,000
1,253,000
1,016,000
Available for Sale Securities
2,141,000
2,277,000
1,253,000
1,016,000
Non Current Accounts Receivable
5,864,000
4,016,000
1,430,000
206,000

Non Current Deferred Assets
23,647,000
24,648,000
20,380,000
13,904,000
Non Current Deferred Taxes Assets
23,647,000
24,648,000
20,380,000
13,904,000

Total Liabilities Net Minority Interest
348,855,000
322,144,000
207,925,000
157,771,000

Current Liabilities
215,661,000
217,614,000
169,655,000
120,940,000

Payables And Accrued Expenses
161,523,000
161,309,000
32,722,000
22,678,000

Payables
161,523,000
161,309,000
32,722,000
22,678,000
Accounts Payable
153,107,000
151,593,000
25,606,000
15,587,000
Total Tax Payable
8,416,000
9,716,000
7,116,000
7,091,000
Current Provisions
374,000
289,000
100,478,000
70,287,000

Current Debt And Capital Lease Obligation
12,017,000
13,113,000
6,478,000
1,466,000

Current Debt
10,681,000
11,775,000
5,304,000
480,000
Commercial Paper
745,000
5,343,000
0
--
Line of Credit
183,000
449,000
456,000
480,000
Other Current Borrowings
9,753,000
5,983,000
4,848,000
--
Current Capital Lease Obligation
1,336,000
1,338,000
1,174,000
986,000
Other Current Liabilities
41,747,000
42,903,000
29,977,000
26,509,000

Total Non Current Liabilities Net Minority Interest
133,194,000
104,530,000
38,270,000
36,831,000
Long Term Provisions
5,730,000
6,982,000
6,649,000
4,590,000

Long Term Debt And Capital Lease Obligation
118,941,000
89,674,000
20,528,000
24,318,000
Long Term Debt
111,705,000
84,246,000
15,976,000
20,775,000
Long Term Capital Lease Obligation
7,236,000
5,428,000
4,552,000
3,543,000

Non Current Deferred Liabilities
6,611,000
5,515,000
10,162,000
7,061,000
Non Current Deferred Taxes Liabilities
6,611,000
5,515,000
10,162,000
7,061,000
Tradeand Other Payables Non Current
1,051,000
1,456,000
189,000
100,000

Employee Benefits
861,000
903,000
742,000
762,000
Non Current Pension And Other Post-Retirement Benefit Plans
861,000
903,000
742,000
762,000
Other Non Current Liabilities
--
23,000
189,000
100,000

Total Equity Gross Minority Interest
194,047,000
143,486,000
106,561,000
83,486,000

Stockholders' Equity
194,047,000
143,486,000
106,561,000
83,486,000

Capital Stock
446,000
446,000
451,000
456,000
Common Stock
446,000
446,000
451,000
456,000
Retained Earnings
195,298,000
144,448,000
104,839,000
80,587,000
Treasury Stock
2,000
2,000
5,000
6,000

Gains Losses Not Affecting Retained Earnings
-1,695,000
-1,406,000
1,276,000
2,449,000
Other Equity Adjustments
-1,695,000
-1,406,000
1,276,000
2,449,000
Total Capitalization
305,752,000
227,732,000
122,537,000
104,261,000
Common Stock Equity
194,047,000
143,486,000
106,561,000
83,486,000
Capital Lease Obligations
8,572,000
6,766,000
5,726,000
4,529,000
Net Tangible Assets
63,994,000
32,665,000
46,155,000
32,547,000
Working Capital
-43,208,000
-55,826,000
-30,009,000
-12,746,000
Invested Capital
316,433,000
239,507,000
127,841,000
104,741,000
Tangible Book Value
63,994,000
32,665,000
46,155,000
32,547,000
Total Debt
130,958,000
102,787,000
27,006,000
25,784,000
Net Debt
95,922,000
80,366,000
6,888,000
8,602,000
Share Issued
4,465,000
4,465,000
4,510,000
4,560,000
Ordinary Shares Number
4,443,479.34
4,441,340.47
4,458,287.95
4,499,800
Treasury Shares Number
21,520.66
23,659.53
51,712.05
60,200
https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/NOVO-B.CO/balance-sheet/

Currency in DKK








ncome Statement
Balance Sheet
Cash Flow
All numbers in thousands
Annual
Quarterly

Collapse All
BreakdownTTM12/31/20259/30/20256/30/20253/31/202512/31/2024

Operating Cash Flow
119,102,000
7,619,000
46,107,000
40,785,000
24,591,000
12,301,000

Cash Flow from Continuing Operating Activities
119,102,000
7,619,000
46,107,000
40,785,000
24,591,000
12,301,000
Net Income from Continuing Operations
102,434,000
26,891,000
20,006,000
26,503,000
29,034,000
28,230,000

Depreciation Amortization Depletion
21,982,000
5,562,000
7,757,000
4,833,000
3,830,000
5,198,000

Depreciation & amortization
21,982,000
5,562,000
7,757,000
4,833,000
3,830,000
5,198,000
Depreciation
21,982,000
5,562,000
7,757,000
4,833,000
3,830,000
5,198,000

Deferred Tax
28,106,000
7,294,000
5,511,000
7,302,000
7,999,000
7,327,000
Deferred Income Tax
28,106,000
7,294,000
5,511,000
7,302,000
7,999,000
7,327,000
Other non-cash items
-3,122,000
-28,773,000
18,575,000
4,110,000
2,966,000
-29,664,000
Change in working capital
3,737,000
20,370,000
-4,960,000
4,755,000
-16,428,000
13,603,000
Interest Paid CFO
-3,419,000
-1,170,000
-297,000
-1,119,000
-833,000
-253,000
Interest Received CFO
1,398,000
436,000
138,000
130,000
694,000
813,000
Taxes Refund Paid
-32,014,000
-22,991,000
-623,000
-5,729,000
-2,671,000
-12,953,000

Investing Cash Flow
-79,158,000
-42,812,000
-15,425,000
-14,248,000
-6,673,000
-91,216,000

Cash Flow from Continuing Investing Activities
-79,158,000
-42,812,000
-15,425,000
-14,248,000
-6,673,000
-91,216,000

Net PPE Purchase And Sale
-60,140,000
-18,429,000
-13,628,000
-14,661,000
-13,422,000
-16,102,000
Purchase of PPE
-60,140,000
-18,429,000
-13,628,000
-14,661,000
-13,422,000
-16,101,000

Net Intangibles Purchase And Sale
-29,973,000
-25,408,000
-1,787,000
-1,614,000
-1,164,000
-457,000
Purchase of Intangibles
-29,973,000
-25,408,000
-1,787,000
-1,614,000
-1,164,000
-457,000

Net Business Purchase And Sale
1,004,000
1,004,000
0
--
--
-81,495,000
Purchase of Business
0
0
0
--
--
-81,495,000
Sale of Business
1,004,000
--
--
--
--
--Currency in DKK

Net Investment Purchase And Sale
9,951,000
21,000
-10,000
2,027,000
7,913,000
6,838,000
Purchase of Investment
-723,000
0
-26,000
-582,000
-115,000
-353,000
Sale of Investment
10,674,000
21,000
16,000
2,609,000
8,028,000
7,191,000

Financing Cash Flow
-28,408,000
29,467,000
-17,096,000
-46,230,000
5,451,000
36,835,000

Cash Flow from Continuing Financing Activities
-28,408,000
29,467,000
-17,096,000
-46,230,000
5,451,000
36,835,000

Net Issuance Payments of Debt
24,743,000
29,467,000
-433,000
-19,622,000
15,331,000
44,326,000

Net Long Term Debt Issuance
24,743,000
29,467,000
-433,000
-19,622,000
15,331,000
44,326,000
Long Term Debt Issuance
103,931,000
30,620,000
713,000
45,235,000
27,363,000
44,759,000
Long Term Debt Payments
-79,188,000
-1,153,000
-1,146,000
-64,857,000
-12,032,000
-433,000

Net Common Stock Issuance
-1,388,000
0
0
0
-1,388,000
-7,491,000
Common Stock Payments
-1,388,000
0
0
0
-1,388,000
-7,491,000
Cash Dividends Paid
-51,763,000
0
-16,663,000
174,000
-35,274,000
0
Net Other Financing Charges
--
--
--
--
26,782,000
--

End Cash Position
26,464,000
26,464,000
32,084,000
18,435,000
38,938,000
15,655,000
Changes in Cash
11,536,000
-5,726,000
13,586,000
-19,693,000
23,369,000
-42,080,000
Effect of Exchange Rate Changes
-727,000
106,000
63,000
-810,000
-86,000
717,000
Beginning Cash Position
15,655,000
32,084,000
18,435,000
38,938,000
15,655,000
57,018,000
Capital Expenditure
-90,113,000
-43,837,000
-15,415,000
-16,275,000
-14,586,000
-16,558,000
Issuance of Debt
103,931,000
30,620,000
713,000
45,235,000
27,363,000
44,759,000
Repayment of Debt
-79,188,000
-1,153,000
-1,146,000
-64,857,000
-12,032,000
-433,000
Repurchase of Capital Stock
-1,388,000
0
0
0
-1,388,000
-7,491,000
Free Cash Flow
28,989,000
-36,218,000
30,692,000
24,510,000
10,005,000
-4,257,000
https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/NOVO-B.CO/cash-flow/


ncome Statement
Balance Sheet
Cash Flow
All numbers in thousands
Annual
Quarterly

Collapse All
BreakdownTTM12/31/202512/31/202412/31/202312/31/2022

Operating Cash Flow
119,102,000
119,102,000
120,968,000
108,908,000
78,887,000

Cash Flow from Continuing Operating Activities
119,102,000
119,102,000
120,968,000
108,908,000
78,887,000
Net Income from Continuing Operations
102,434,000
102,434,000
100,988,000
83,683,000
55,525,000

Depreciation Amortization Depletion
21,982,000
21,982,000
19,107,000
9,413,000
7,362,000

Depreciation & amortization
21,982,000
21,982,000
19,107,000
9,413,000
7,362,000
Depreciation
21,982,000
21,982,000
19,107,000
9,413,000
7,362,000

Deferred Tax
28,106,000
28,106,000
26,203,000
20,991,000
13,537,000
Deferred Income Tax
28,106,000
28,106,000
26,203,000
20,991,000
13,537,000
Other non-cash items
-3,122,000
-3,122,000
445,000
424,000
2,367,000
Change in working capital
3,737,000
3,737,000
2,589,000
19,713,000
-5,535,000
Interest Paid CFO
-3,419,000
-3,419,000
-612,000
-491,000
-272,000
Interest Received CFO
1,398,000
1,398,000
1,884,000
1,072,000
276,000
Taxes Refund Paid
-32,014,000
-32,014,000
-29,636,000
-25,897,000
-14,515,000

Investing Cash Flow
-79,158,000
-79,158,000
-128,895,000
-43,892,000
-24,918,000

Cash Flow from Continuing Investing Activities
-79,158,000
-79,158,000
-128,895,000
-43,892,000
-24,918,000

Net PPE Purchase And Sale
-60,140,000
-60,140,000
-47,164,000
-25,806,000
-12,146,000
Purchase of PPE
-60,140,000
-60,140,000
-47,164,000
-25,806,000
-12,146,000

Net Intangibles Purchase And Sale
-29,973,000
-29,973,000
-4,145,000
-13,090,000
-2,607,000
Purchase of Intangibles
-29,973,000
-29,973,000
-4,145,000
-13,090,000
-2,607,000

Net Business Purchase And Sale
1,004,000
1,004,000
-82,163,000
0
-7,075,000
Purchase of Business
0
0
-82,163,000
0
-7,075,000
Sale of Business
1,004,000
1,004,000
0
0
--

Net Investment Purchase And Sale
9,951,000
9,951,000
4,577,000
-4,996,000
-3,090,000
Purchase of Investment
-723,000
-723,000
-19,814,000
-13,289,000
-9,735,000
Sale of Investment
10,674,000
10,674,000
24,391,000
8,293,000
6,645,000

Financing Cash Flow
-28,408,000
-28,408,000
8,735,000
-63,158,000
-51,797,000

Cash Flow from Continuing Financing Activities
-28,408,000
-28,408,000
8,735,000
-63,158,000
-51,797,000

Net Issuance Payments of Debt
24,743,000
24,743,000
73,056,000
-1,467,000
-2,408,000

Net Long Term Debt Issuance
24,743,000
24,743,000
73,056,000
-1,467,000
-2,408,000
Long Term Debt Issuance
103,931,000
103,931,000
79,391,000
0
11,215,000
Long Term Debt Payments
-79,188,000
-79,188,000
-6,335,000
-1,467,000
-13,623,000

Net Common Stock Issuance
-1,388,000
-1,388,000
-20,181,000
-29,924,000
-24,086,000
Common Stock Payments
-1,388,000
-1,388,000
-20,181,000
-29,924,000
-24,086,000
Cash Dividends Paid
-51,763,000
-51,763,000
-44,140,000
-31,767,000
-25,303,000
Net Other Financing Charges
--
--
--
--
--

End Cash Position
26,464,000
26,464,000
15,655,000
14,392,000
12,653,000
Changes in Cash
11,536,000
11,536,000
808,000
1,858,000
2,172,000
Effect of Exchange Rate Changes
-727,000
-727,000
455,000
-119,000
-238,000
Beginning Cash Position
15,655,000
15,655,000
14,392,000
12,653,000
10,719,000
Capital Expenditure
-90,113,000
-90,113,000
-51,309,000
-38,896,000
-14,753,000
Issuance of Debt
103,931,000
103,931,000
79,391,000
0
11,215,000
Repayment of Debt
-79,188,000
-79,188,000
-6,335,000
-1,467,000
-13,623,000
Repurchase of Capital Stock
-1,388,000
-1,388,000
-20,181,000
-29,924,000
-24,086,000
Free Cash Flow
28,989,000
28,989,000
69,659,000
70,012,000
64,134,000

https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/NOVO-B.CO/cash-flow/



Valuation Measures
Current	12/31/2025	9/30/2025	6/30/2025	3/31/2025	12/31/2024
Market Cap	1.05T	1.45T	--	1.95T	2.09T	2.77T
Enterprise Value	1.16T	1.51T	--	2.03T	2.16T	2.75T
Trailing P/E	10.29	13.94	--	18.72	20.76	29.44
Forward P/E	10.96	14.16	--	16.72	17.01	22.37
PEG Ratio (5yr expected)	4.92	2.17	--	1.32	1.05	1.31
Price/Sales	3.41	4.58	--	6.46	7.22	10.31
Price/Book	5.42	8.51	--	14.10	14.53	23.00
Enterprise Value/Revenue	3.74	4.80	5.17	5.26	7.44	10.18
Enterprise Value/EBITDA	7.37	10.03	10.44	10.63	15.74	20.21
https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/NOVO-B.CO/key-statistics/


Revenue Estimate
Currency in DKK	Current Qtr. (Mar 2026)	Next Qtr. (Jun 2026)	Current Year (2026)	Next Year (2027)
No. of Analysts	7	5	27	27
Avg. Estimate	73.16B	71.84B	285.44B	300.02B
Low Estimate	67.54B	69.84B	270.52B	271.03B
High Estimate	95.49B	73.95B	314.79B	332.69B
Year Ago Sales	78.09B	76.86B	309.06B	285.44B
Sales Growth (year/est)	-6.32%	-6.53%	-7.64%	5.11%
Earnings Estimate

gaap
GAAP
nongaap
Normalized
Currency in DKK	Current Qtr. (Mar 2026)	Next Qtr. (Jun 2026)	Current Year (2026)	Next Year (2027)
No. of Analysts	6	4	23	23
Avg. Estimate	5.48	5.34	20.66	21.4
Low Estimate	5.21	5.05	17.51	18.82
High Estimate	5.65	5.63	24.84	26.51
Year Ago EPS	6.53	5.96	23.03	20.66
Earnings History

gaap
GAAP
nongaap
Normalized
Currency in DKK	3/31/2025	6/30/2025	9/30/2025	12/31/2025
EPS Est.	6.11	6.07	4.9	5.78
EPS Actual	6.53	5.96	4.5	6.04
Difference	0.42	-0.11	-0.4	0.26
Surprise %	6.82%	-1.87%	-8.07%	4.56%
EPS Trend

gaap
GAAP
nongaap
Normalized
Currency in DKK	Current Qtr. (Mar 2026)	Next Qtr. (Jun 2026)	Current Year (2026)	Next Year (2027)
Current Estimate	5.48	5.34	20.66	21.4
7 Days Ago	5.45	5.38	20.88	21.39
30 Days Ago	5.25	5.27	20.92	21.44
60 Days Ago	5.24	5.22	21.06	22.28
90 Days Ago	5.96	5.85	22.84	24.23
EPS Revisions

gaap
GAAP
nongaap
Normalized
Currency in DKK	Current Qtr. (Mar 2026)	Next Qtr. (Jun 2026)	Current Year (2026)	Next Year (2027)
Up Last 7 Days	2	1	3	3
Up Last 30 Days	3	2	6	4
Down Last 7 Days	--	1	--	--
Down Last 30 Days	--	1	1	4
Growth Estimates
Symbol	Current Qtr.	Next Qtr.	Current Year	Next Year
NOVO-B.CO	-16.06%	-10.37%	-10.28%	3.57%
S&P 500	12.35%	18.42%	17.50%	16.54%
https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/NOVO-B.CO/analysis/





UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

________________

FORM 6-K

________________

REPORT OF FOREIGN PRIVATE ISSUER

Pursuant to Rule 13a-16 or 15d-16

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

April 7, 2026

________________

NOVO NORDISK A/S

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)


Novo Allé 1

DK- 2880, Bagsvaerd

Denmark

(Address of principal executive offices)

________________

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant files or will file annual reports under cover of Form 20-F or Form 40-F

Form 20-F ☒	Form 40-F ☐

 







Novo Nordisk A/S – Share repurchase programme

Bagsværd, Denmark, 7 April 2026 – On 4 February 2026, Novo Nordisk initiated a share repurchase programme in accordance with Article 5 of Regulation No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and Council of 16 April 2014 (MAR) and the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 of 8 March 2016 (the "Safe Harbour Rules"). This programme is part of the overall share repurchase programme of up to DKK 15 billion to be executed during a 12-month period beginning 4 February 2026.

Under the programme initiated 4 February 2026, Novo Nordisk will repurchase B shares for an amount up to DKK 3.8 billion in the period from 4 February 2026 to 4 May 2026.

Since the announcement 30 March 2026, the following transactions have been made:

	Number of	Average	Transaction
	B shares	purchase price	value, DKK
Accumulated, last announcement	9,162,992		2,399,878,368
30 March 2026	265,000	229.27	60,755,278
31 March 2026	270,000	229.85	62,060,061
1 April 2026	270,000	235.97	63,710,841
Accumulated under the programme	9,967,992		2,586,404,548

The details for each transaction made under the share repurchase programme are published on novonordisk.com.

With the transactions stated above, Novo Nordisk owns a total of 27,357,791 B shares of DKK 0.10 as treasury shares, corresponding to 0.6% of the share capital. The total amount of A and B shares in the company is 4,465,000,000 including treasury shares.

 
Page 2 of 2

Novo Nordisk expects to repurchase B shares for an amount up to DKK 15 billion during a 12-month period beginning 4 February 2026. As of 1 April 2026, Novo Nordisk has since 4 February 2026 repurchased a total 9,967,992 B shares at an average share price of DKK 259.47 per B share equal to a transaction value of DKK 2,586,404,548.

Novo Nordisk is a leading global healthcare company founded in 1923 and headquartered in Denmark. Our purpose is to drive change to defeat serious chronic diseases built upon our heritage in diabetes. We do so by pioneering scientific breakthroughs, expanding access to our medicines and working to prevent and ultimately cure disease. Novo Nordisk employs about 68,800 people in 80 countries and markets its products in around 170 countries. Novo Nordisk's B shares are listed on Nasdaq Copenhagen (Novo-B). Its ADRs are listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NVO). For more information, visit novonordisk.com, Facebook, Instagram, X, LinkedIn and YouTube.

Contacts for further information			
Media:			
Ambre James-Brown		Liz Skrbkova (US)	
+45 3079 9289		+1 609 917 0632	
globalmedia@novonordisk.com		lzsk@novonordisk.com	
Investors:			
Michael Novod		Jacob Martin Wiborg Rode	
+45 3075 6050		+45 3075 5956	
nvno@novonordisk.com		jrde@novonordisk.com	
Max Ung		Sina Meyer	
+45 3077 6414		+45 3079 6656	
mxun@novonordisk.com		azey@novonordisk.com	
Alex Bruce		Christoffer Sho Togo Tullin	
+45 34 44 26 13		+45 3079 1471	
axeu@novonordisk.com		cftu@novonordisk.com	
Frederik Taylor Pitter			
+1 609 613 0568			
fptr@novonordisk.com			
Novo Nordisk A/S	Novo Allé 1	Telephone:	www.novonordisk.com
Investor Relations	2880 Bagsværd	+45 4444 8888	CVR no: 24 25 67 90
	Denmark		
			Company announcement No 24 / 2026
			
			
 
SIGNATURES


Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf of the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Date: April 7, 2026

NOVO NORDISK A/S

Maziar Mike Doustdar

Chief Executive Officer

https://www.nasdaq.com/market-activity/stocks/nonof/sec-filings











UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

________________

FORM 6-K

________________

REPORT OF FOREIGN PRIVATE ISSUER

Pursuant to Rule 13a-16 or 15d-16

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

March 27, 2026

________________

NOVO NORDISK A/S

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)


Novo Allé 1

DK- 2880, Bagsvaerd

Denmark

(Address of principal executive offices)

________________

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant files or will file annual reports under cover of Form 20-F or Form 40-F

Form 20-F ☒	Form 40-F ☐

 







Novo Nordisk A/S: Awiqli® approved in the US, the first and only once-weekly basal insulin treatment for adults with type 2 diabetes

•	Awiqli® (insulin icodec-abae) injection is the first-ever once-weekly basal insulin approved by the FDA
•	Awiqli® offers adults with type 2 diabetes an alternative to daily basal insulin injections, reducing these injections from seven to one per week
•	Novo Nordisk expects to launch Awiqli® nationwide in the US in the second half of 2026.

Bagsværd, Denmark, 27 March 2026 – Novo Nordisk today announced that the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved Awiqli® (insulin icodec-abae) injection 700 units/mL, the first and only once-weekly, long-acting basal insulin, indicated as an adjunct to diet and exercise to improve glycaemic control (blood sugar) in adults living with type 2 diabetes. The approval offers the only once-weekly basal insulin option, providing a new treatment solution that fits different patient routines and preferences for adults living with type 2 diabetes.

The approval is based on results from the ONWARDS phase 3a programme in type-2-diabetes for once-weekly Awiqli® injection, which comprises four randomised, active-controlled, treat-to-target trials in approximately 2,680 adults with uncontrolled type 2 diabetes, used in combination with a mealtime insulin or in combination with common oral anti-diabetic agents and/or GLP-1 receptor agonists. The clinical programme evaluated once-weekly

Awiqli® vs daily basal insulin and demonstrated efficacy in the primary endpoint of HbA1c reduction across the ONWARDS pivotal clinical trial programme in adults with type 2 diabetes. Across ONWARDS trials, the safety profile of Awiqli® was overall consistent with the daily basal insulin class.

“The Awiqli® approval reflects Novo Nordisk’s ongoing efforts to advance healthcare innovation and strengthen support for people living with diabetes. As the first FDA-approved, once-weekly basal insulin for adults with type 2 diabetes, it offers an important new treatment option. At a time when parts of the industry are stepping back from insulin, we are reaffirming our commitment - continuing to invest in innovation, access, and supply for the millions of patients who rely on insulin every day,” said Mike Doustdar, president and CEO of Novo Nordisk.

Novo Nordisk expects to launch Awiqli® in the FlexTouch® device in the US in the second half of 2026. Awiqli® is now approved in the US, EU, and 13 additional countries, with market-specific indications for diabetes.


Novo Nordisk A/S	Novo Allé 1	Telephone:	www.novonordisk.com
Investor Relations	2880 Bagsværd	+45 4444 8888	CVR no: 24 25 67 90
	Denmark		
			Company announcement No 22/ 2026
			
			
 
About Awiqli®

Awiqli® (insulin icodec-abae) injection 700 units/mL is a prescription medicine and is the first and only FDA-approved once-weekly basal insulin indicated as an adjunct to diet and exercise for adults with type 2 diabetes. Awiqli® is designed as an alternative to daily basal insulin, and its approval is supported by the ONWARDS clinical programme, which evaluated its efficacy and safety across diverse adult populations living with type 2 diabetes. Awiqli® is administered once weekly on the same day each week using the Awiqli® FlexTouch® device.

About Novo Nordisk

Novo Nordisk is a leading global healthcare company founded in 1923 and headquartered in Denmark. Our purpose is to drive change to defeat serious chronic diseases built upon our heritage in diabetes. We do so by pioneering scientific breakthroughs, expanding access to our medicines and working to prevent and ultimately cure disease. Novo Nordisk employs about 68,800 people in 80 countries and markets its products in around 170 countries. Novo Nordisk's B shares are listed on Nasdaq Copenhagen (Novo-B). Its ADRs are listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NVO). For more information, visit novonordisk.com, Facebook, Instagram, X, LinkedIn and YouTube.


Publication of inside information pursuant to Market Abuse Regulation, Article 17.

Contacts for further information
 

Novo Nordisk Media:

Ambre James-Brown

+45 3079 9289

globalmedia@novonordisk.com
 



Liz Skrbkova (US)

+1 609 917 0632

lzsk@novonordisk.com

 
Novo Nordisk Investors:
 

Michael Novod

+45 3075 6050

nvno@novonordisk.com
 


Jacob Martin Wiborg Rode

+45 3075 5956

jrde@novonordisk.com

 
Sina Meyer

+45 3079 6656

azey@novonordisk.com
 

Max Ung

+45 3077 6414

mxun@novonordisk.com

 
Christoffer Sho Togo Tullin

+45 3079 1471

cftu@novonordisk.com
 

Alex Bruce

+45 3444 2613

axeu@novonordisk.com

 
Frederik Taylor Pitter

+1 609 613 0568

fptr@novonordisk.com
 



Novo Nordisk A/S	Novo Allé 1	Telephone:	www.novonordisk.com
Investor Relations	2880 Bagsværd	+45 4444 8888	CVR no: 24 25 67 90
	Denmark		
			Company announcement No 22/ 2026
			
			
 
SIGNATURES


Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf of the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Date: March 27, 2026

NOVO NORDISK A/S

Maziar Mike Doustdar

Chief Executive Officer

https://www.nasdaq.com/market-activity/stocks/nonof/sec-filings











UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

________________

FORM 6-K

________________

REPORT OF FOREIGN PRIVATE ISSUER

Pursuant to Rule 13a-16 or 15d-16

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

March 9, 2026

________________

NOVO NORDISK A/S

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)


Novo Allé 1

DK- 2880, Bagsvaerd

Denmark

(Address of principal executive offices)

________________

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant files or will file annual reports under cover of Form 20-F or Form 40-F

Form 20-F ☒	Form 40-F ☐

 






Novo Nordisk A/S – Share repurchase programme

Bagsværd, Denmark, 9 March 2026 – On 4 February 2026, Novo Nordisk initiated a share repurchase programme in accordance with Article 5 of Regulation No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and Council of 16 April 2014 (MAR) and the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 of 8 March 2016 (the "Safe Harbour Rules"). This programme is part of the overall share repurchase programme of up to DKK 15 billion to be executed during a 12-month period beginning 4 February 2026.

Under the programme initiated 4 February 2026, Novo Nordisk will repurchase B shares for an amount up to DKK 3.8 billion in the period from 4 February 2026 to 4 May 2026.

Since the announcement 2 March 2026, the following transactions have been made:

	Number of	Average	Transaction
	B shares	purchase price	value, DKK
Accumulated, last announcement	4,045,000		1,160,693,639
2 March 2026	265,000	235.47	62,400,704
3 March 2026	264,992	234.56	62,156,398
4 March 2026	260,000	241.02	62,666,178
5 March 2026	250,000	248.29	62,072,969
6 March 2026	250,000	251.23	62,807,206
Accumulated under the programme	5,334,992		1,472,797,094

The details for each transaction made under the share repurchase programme are published on novonordisk.com.

With the transactions stated above, Novo Nordisk owns a total of 22,724,791 B shares of DKK 0.10 as treasury shares, corresponding to 0.5% of the share capital. The total amount of A and B shares in the company is 4,465,000,000 including treasury shares.

 
Page 2 of 2

Novo Nordisk expects to repurchase B shares for an amount up to DKK 15 billion during a 12-month period beginning 4 February 2026. As of 6 March 2026, Novo Nordisk has since 4 February 2026 repurchased a total 5,334,992 B shares at an average share price of DKK 276.06 per B share equal to a transaction value of DKK 1,472,797,094.

Novo Nordisk is a leading global healthcare company founded in 1923 and headquartered in Denmark. Our purpose is to drive change to defeat serious chronic diseases built upon our heritage in diabetes. We do so by pioneering scientific breakthroughs, expanding access to our medicines and working to prevent and ultimately cure disease. Novo Nordisk employs about 68,800 people in 80 countries and markets its products in around 170 countries. Novo Nordisk's B shares are listed on Nasdaq Copenhagen (Novo-B). Its ADRs are listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NVO). For more information, visit novonordisk.com, Facebook, Instagram, X, LinkedIn and YouTube.

Contacts for further information			
Media:			
Ambre James-Brown		Liz Skrbkova (US)	
+45 3079 9289		+1 609 917 0632	
globalmedia@novonordisk.com		lzsk@novonordisk.com	
Investors:			
Michael Novod		Jacob Martin Wiborg Rode	
+45 3075 6050		+45 3075 5956	
nvno@novonordisk.com		jrde@novonordisk.com	
Max Ung		Sina Meyer	
+45 3077 6414		+45 3079 6656	
mxun@novonordisk.com		azey@novonordisk.com	
Alex Bruce		Christoffer Sho Togo Tullin	
+45 34 44 26 13		+45 3079 1471	
axeu@novonordisk.com		cftu@novonordisk.com	
Frederik Taylor Pitter			
+1 609 613 0568			
fptr@novonordisk.com			
Novo Nordisk A/S	Novo Allé 1	Telephone:	www.novonordisk.com
Investor Relations	2880 Bagsværd	+45 4444 8888	CVR no: 24 25 67 90
	Denmark		
			Company announcement No 17 / 2026
			
			
 
SIGNATURES


Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf of the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Date: March 9, 2026

NOVO NORDISK A/S

Maziar Mike Doustdar

Chief Executive Officer

https://www.nasdaq.com/market-activity/stocks/nonof/sec-filings









UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549
FORM 20-F

REGISTRATION STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OR (g) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

OR

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025

OR

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

OR

SHELL COMPANY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Commission File Number: 333-82318

NOVO NORDISK A/S
(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

Not applicable	The Kingdom of Denmark

(Translation of Registrant’s name into English)	(Jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

 
Novo Alle 1

DK-2880 Bagsværd
Denmark
(Address of principal executive offices)
Karsten Munk Knudsen
Executive vice president and chief financial officer
Tel: +45 4444 8888
E-mail: kmkn@novonordisk.com
Novo Alle 1, DK-2880 Bagsværd, Denmark
(Name, Telephone, E-mail and Address of Company Contact Person)

Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class:
B shares, nominal value DKK 0.10 each

American Depositary Receipts, each representing one B Share


Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Securities for which there is a reporting obligation pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Act: None

Indicate the number of outstanding shares of each of the issuer’s classes of capital or common stock as of the close of the period covered by the Annual Report:	
A shares, nominal value DKK 0.10 each:	1,074,872,000
B shares, nominal value DKK 0.10 each:	3,390,128,000
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act  .	
Yes  No 	
If this report is an annual or transition report, indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
Yes  No 	

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.

Yes  No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).

Yes  No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or an emerging growth company. See definition of “large accelerated filer”, “accelerated filer”, and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer  Accelerated filer  Non-accelerated filer  Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company that prepares its financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

The term “new or revised financial accounting standard” refers to any update issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board to its Accounting Standards Codification after April 5, 2012.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report.

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements.	

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive based compensation received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b).	

Indicate by check mark which basis of accounting the registrant has used to prepare the financial statements included in this filling:

U.S. GAAP  International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board	Other

If “Other” has been checked in response to the previous question, indicate by check mark which financial statement item the registrant has elected to follow:

Item 17  Item 18 

If this is an annual report, indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).

Yes  No 

https://www.nasdaq.com/market-activity/stocks/nonof/sec-filings?page=2&rows_per_page=14







































